Below are 8 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 8
Title: Ottawa bar owner 'shocked' as Ontario moves last call to 11 p.m. at bars, restaurants and nightclubs
Publisher: CTV News Ottawa
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
Tighter restrictions on bars and restaurants to limit gatherings
Earlier closing time of 11 p.m. for alcohol sales
Closure of strip clubs
Majority of cases linked to private gatherings and close contacts (not bars and restaurants)
Business owners concerned about potential lockdown
Restrictions aim to combat outbreak clusters of COVID-19 cases

Article 2 of 8
Title: Case counts not the only measure of COVID-19 severity, say London doctors
Publisher: CTV News London
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
Key values:
Current number of COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario: fewer than 100
Hospitalization rates among younger people (under 40): lower, but still a concern
Intensive care units' preparedness to accommodate patients if necessary: robust plan in place

Article 3 of 8
Title: Public health officials call for tighter restrictions, warn COVID-19 could spiral out of control
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
Key values highlighted for forecasting:
New cases in Ontario could climb to 5,000 daily by October if current trends continue.
Hospitalizations and deaths are expected to increase exponentially in the coming weeks if restrictions are not tightened.
The next two weeks will determine the trajectory of the pandemic's months to come.
Adjusting social bubbles, enforcing restrictions, and reducing interactions can help flatten the curve.

Article 4 of 8
Title: Mapping out Canada's COVID-19 hotspots: new modelling shows where cases are rising
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
The article reports that Ontario has seen a significant increase in new cases (478) with most cases concentrated in Ottawa, Peel region, and Toronto.
The province's health minister announces that two regions are moving from yellow to orange (Level 3 - Alert), indicating increased risk of transmission.
This information is useful for understanding the current epidemiological situation in Ontario and can inform forecasting models.

Article 5 of 8
Title: Civic duty or infringing freedom? Surveying Canadians' attitudes about masks
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
83% support mandatory mask wearing in public spaces (relevance for forecasting hospitalizations uncertain)
Fears of contracting COVID-19 have increased: 61% worry about catching the illness, up from 51% in mid-June
Two-thirds believe Canada will enter another lockdown in the next three months, indicating potential increase in hospitalizations

Article 6 of 8
Title: CDC removes warning on airborne spread of COVID-19
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
The CDC initially posted guidance on possible transmission of COVID-19 through airborne particles, but later withdrew it. However, experts, including Linsey Marr, emphasize that aerosols are an important transmission route for COVID-19 and recommend policies such as wearing masks at all times in public buildings and ensuring good ventilation and filtration to control the pandemic.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Aerosol transmission of COVID-19
Wearing masks at all times in public buildings
Good ventilation and filtration in public spaces
Recognition of airborne transmission by health authorities

Article 7 of 8
Title: COVID-19, flu, cold or seasonal allergies? How to tell the difference between symptoms
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
Symptoms of COVID-19: dry cough and fever, fatigue, difficulty breathing, new loss of taste or smell, aches and pains in the body, sore throat, vomiting or diarrhea (less common).
Key differences between COVID-19 and flu: severe chest pain, significant shortness of breath, loss of speech and movement require immediate medical attention; headaches are more associated with the flu.
Symptoms of COVID-19 can be similar to those of a cold or seasonal allergies: sneezing and runny nose are not uncommon but may still warrant testing.
Importance of getting tested for COVID-19 when experiencing symptoms, especially in high-risk settings such as schools and workplaces.
Relevance value: 8/10 (some information on flu and cold is provided, but the article focuses mainly on COVID-19 symptoms and the importance of testing)

Article 8 of 8
Title: Ontario reports 365 new coronavirus cases after over 40K tests completed
Publisher: Global News
Trusted: False
Posted: 6 days ago
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Total number of new cases: 365
Number of hospitalized individuals: 63 (down by one)
Number in intensive care: 23 (up by three)
Number on ventilators: 10 (no change)