Below are 6 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 6
Title: Ontario reports spike in COVID-19 cases but admits dozens are result of reporting delay
Publisher: CTV News Toronto
Trusted: False
Posted: Today
Total confirmed cases: 30,202.
Cases by age group:
- 80+ years: 1,674 deaths (not relevant for forecasting hospitalizations)
- 60-79 years: 630 deaths (not directly relevant for forecasting hospitalizations)
- 40-59 years: 93 deaths (not directly relevant for forecasting hospitalizations)
- 20-39 years: 10 deaths (not directly relevant for forecasting hospitalizations)
Number of people in hospital due to COVID-19: 673.
Number of patients in intensive care unit: 117. 
Number of patients requiring ventilation assistance: 97.

Article 2 of 6
Title: Ontario records more than 300 new COVID-19 cases for 3rd day in a row
Publisher: CTV News Toronto
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
Here are the values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Total number of lab-confirmed cases: 29,747
Number of people currently hospitalized: 749 (a decrease of 27 patients)
Number of patients in intensive care unit (ICU): 118 (94 breathing with ventilator assistance)

Article 3 of 6
Title: How COVID-19 helped push Ontario's low-tech justice system into the 21st century
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Public health guidelines allowing courthouses and courtrooms to reopen on July 6
Implementation of Plexiglas barriers, physical distancing markers, and hand-sanitizing stations in courthouses and courtrooms
Use of video-conferencing feeds to conduct non-jury trials, some bail applications, and to set dates for trials, starting with about 300 Ontario courtrooms

Article 4 of 6
Title: New report details spread of COVID-19 through global mining industry
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
The article discusses how some mining companies have taken advantage of the COVID-19 pandemic and related lockdown measures to advance their operations, pushing for regulatory changes in their favor, and potentially undermining environmental and human rights. The report highlights several examples from around the world, including:
In Brazil, a video showed President Jair Bolsonaro's ministers discussing using the pandemic as an opportunity to push through deregulation of environmental policy.
In Alberta, Canada, the energy minister made a comment that it was a "great time" to build a pipeline due to reduced protests during the pandemic.
The Alberta Energy Regulator suspended environmental monitoring requirements for oilsands companies, citing COVID-19 health measures as the reason.
The article also mentions that some mining operations were deemed "essential" early in the pandemic, sparking concerns and criticism from activists. However, there were no widespread calls to shut down mining operations due to COVID-19.
The report by MiningWatch Canada aims to provide a resource for policy makers to assess the role of mining companies more carefully, given two months of evidence of what has gone wrong during the pandemic. The organization is concerned that doubling down on mining projects in Canada would mean taking a step back from environmental concerns regarding the climate crisis.
Overall, the article suggests that some mining companies are using the pandemic as an opportunity to push for regulatory changes and advance their operations, potentially undermining environmental and human rights.

Article 5 of 6
Title: 10,000 Canadians to be tested for COVID-19 antibodies in hopes of understanding immunity
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
The study aims to measure the percentage of Canadians with COVID-19 antibodies and their duration.
Over 10,000 participants will be selected randomly from a nationally representative database to collect blood samples at home.
Participants will also complete online questionnaires before and after four-six months to assess changes in antibody levels.
Researchers hope to determine:
+ The percentage of Canadians who have had COVID-19 and remain asymptomatic.
+ The duration of immunity against COVID-19.
+ The effectiveness of antibodies in preventing future infections.
+ The age groups most vulnerable to severe complications or death from COVID-19.

Article 6 of 6
Title: Could a simple gas produced by our bodies be used to treat COVID-19? Canadian trials underway
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 6 days ago
The article mentions an ongoing clinical trial on people at high risk of contracting COVID-19 in British Columbia and Quebec.
The trial's expansion to include participants from Ontario is expected in the near future.
The study aims to assess the effectiveness of nitric oxide nasal spray or mouth gargles as a treatment for mild symptoms of COVID-19 and prevention of severe infection.
The article also mentions another study at the University Health Network in Toronto investigating the use of high dose inhaled nitric oxide to reduce virus levels and improve breathing in COVID-19 patients on ventilators.