Below are 4 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 4
Title: Demand spikes for COVID-19 treatment that's saving lives but is in limited supply in Canada
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
1 in 10 ICU beds in Ontario are occupied by COVID-19 patients.
ECMO treatment is being used for at least a dozen COVID-19 patients per week, with a high demand during the current surge.
Toronto General Hospital has nearly exhausted its 30 ECMO machines, and may need to slow down usage if case growth continues.
The pressure on the ECMO program is an example of the impact from rising numbers of COVID-19 hospitalizations and ICU admissions in Ontario.

Article 2 of 4
Title: Alberta has most active COVID-19 cases of all Canadian provinces
Publisher: Daily Hive
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
Total cases in Ontario: 106,510
Active cases in Ontario: 12,917
Hospitalizations (current): not mentioned
Hospitalization numbers are relevant if they are available for Ontario. 
However, the article does mention that Alberta has 348 people currently hospitalized and 66 in ICU with COVID-19. This information may be useful to compare or model hospitalization trends across provinces, but the exact values for Ontario's current hospitalizations are not provided.

Article 3 of 4
Title: Toronto begins a four-week lockdown – its second of the pandemic – as Covid-19 cases surge
Publisher: CNN
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
Key values for forecasting include:
Daily case numbers have nearly doubled in weeks
ICUs are near capacity
Total coronavirus deaths exceed 1,500
Hospitalizations often approach capacity during normal winter flu season

Article 4 of 4
Title: Toronto, Peel move into COVID-19 lockdown Monday as Ontario tries to stop 'worst-case scenario'
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: 7 days ago
Toronto and Peel Region are moving into lockdown due to a steep rise in COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations up by 22%, ICU visits by 50%. The lockdown will last at least 28 days. Key values for forecasting include:
Increased hospitalizations (up by 22%)
Increased ICU admissions (up by 50%)
High daily case counts in Toronto and Peel Region
Alarming test positivity rates in these regions