Below are 3 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 3
Title: People with sociopathic traits less likely to follow coronavirus guidelines, study finds
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.
There is no direct information about COVID-19 cases or hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.
However, the study found that people with sociopathic traits (e.g., lower levels of empathy, higher levels of callousness, deceitfulness, and risk-taking) are less likely to follow public health measures designed to limit the spread of COVID-19.
This information could be useful for understanding potential non-compliance with public health measures in Ontario, Canada, but does not provide direct values relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations.

Article 2 of 3
Title: Steroids confirmed to help severely ill coronavirus patients
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
This article is relevant.
Multiple types of steroids (e.g., dexamethasone, hydrocortisone) reduce COVID-19 hospitalization risk of death by ~1/3.
Steroids are inexpensive and widely available.
The World Health Organization recommends using steroids for severe COVID-19 patients and suggests avoiding them for less sick patients.
Note: These values can be useful in forecasting models to estimate the impact of steroid treatment on COVID-19 hospitalizations, particularly among severe cases.

Article 3 of 3
Title: COVID-19 outbreak declared at Winchester nursing home
Publisher: CTV News Ottawa
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
There is one staff member with a confirmed case of COVID-19 at a Winchester nursing home, and an outbreak has been declared by the Eastern Ontario Health Unit.
Relevant values for forecasting:
Number of active cases (17) in the Eastern Ontario Health Unit region
Total number of cases (198) in the EOHU region