Below are 5 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 5
Title: Toronto's Waterfront community seeing most new cases in the city
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Younger people (under age 40) are driving the surge of new infections in Ontario.
In Toronto, nearly two-thirds of active cases represent people under age 40.
The Waterfront community has one of the highest concentrations of cases among all Toronto neighbourhoods.
Positive test rates for people in their 20s have climbed to around 4%, four times higher than the general population.
These values are relevant because they can help inform forecasting models that take into account age demographics and community-level spread.

Article 2 of 5
Title: Student tests positive for COVID-19 at Pembroke high school, fifth confirmed case at closed school
Publisher: CTV News Ottawa
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
A student at Fellowes High School in Pembroke, Ont. has tested positive for COVID-19. 
New case brings the total number of cases at Fellowes High School to five: 1 student and 4 staff members.
Total individuals tested at the school: 98 (staff and students) with another 42 (staff and students) scheduled to be tested.
Population affected by outbreak is relatively small, potentially indicating manageable spread. 
FALSE

Article 3 of 5
Title: ICU doctor sounds note of optimism amid worrying surge in COVID-19 cases
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
313 new cases of COVID-19 in Ontario (including 61 in Ottawa) and 52 new cases in Ottawa on Tuesday.
Most new cases are among younger people who may not require hospitalization.
Demographics of hospitalized patients remain similar to pre-pandemic: older adults with comorbidities.
Current testing capacity can handle potential increase in hospitalizations, but continued public health measures (masking, distancing, handwashing) are crucial.

Article 4 of 5
Title: Pembroke, Ont. high school first in Ontario to close after COVID-19 cases
Publisher: CTV News Ottawa
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
A third staff member at Fellowes High School in Pembroke, Ont. tested positive for COVID-19, prompting the school's closure due to concerns about further spread.
Values important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Case numbers and rates (3 confirmed cases)
Contact tracing information (90 students potentially exposed)
Public health unit's response and containment efforts
School policies and adherence to protocols (mask-wearing and group gatherings)

Article 5 of 5
Title: Ontario premier addresses confusion surrounding wedding he attended this summer
Publisher: CTV News Toronto
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
Date of wedding: August (2 weeks ago)
Location: Toronto area
Public health protocols followed at Ford's wedding
No guests contracted COVID-19 after the wedding.