Below are 6 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 6
Title: Toronto, Peel move into COVID-19 lockdown Monday as Ontario tries to stop 'worst-case scenario'
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: Today
Here are the key points:
Hospitalizations have increased by 22% (518 patients currently in hospitals).
ICU visits have risen by 50% (142 intensive care admissions, with 92 on ventilators).
The lockdown measures aim to slow the rise in cases and hospitalizations.
The province is reporting a higher number of resolved cases than new ones for three straight days.
Public health orders will remain in effect until Dec. 21.

Article 2 of 6
Title: Ontario places Toronto and Peel Region under lockdown. Here's what you need to know
Publisher: CTV News Toronto
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
Relevant.
100k lab-confirmed COVID-19 infections in Ontario.
Lockdown in Toronto and Peel Region until at least Dec 21.
Restrictions on gatherings, restaurants, retail, and non-essential businesses.
Increased hospital and ICU capacity risks due to outbreaks among vulnerable populations or congregate settings.

Article 3 of 6
Title: Hair salons and barbers are shutting down in Toronto
Publisher: blogTO
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
Key values:
Rising COVID-19 case numbers
Increasing hospitalizations
High per cent positivity rates (in Toronto)
Lockdown measures implemented to protect hospitals and long-term care homes
Health Minister's statement: "public health indicators continue to worsen"

Article 4 of 6
Title: 'Tired to the bone': U.S. hospitals overwhelmed as death toll surpasses 250,000
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
Total number of people hospitalized with COVID-19 in the U.S. has doubled in the past month (reached ~77,000 as of Tuesday).
New cases per day have increased by 80% over the past two weeks.
Hospitalization and death rates are rising across all 50 US states, including rural areas.
Some hospitals in the US are experiencing severe shortages of ICU beds, staff, and resources.
Many hospitals are converting non-patient spaces (e.g. chapels, cafeterias) into treatment areas due to overcrowding.
These values can be compared to Ontario's COVID-19 hospitalization trends and statistics to inform forecasting efforts.

Article 5 of 6
Title: How a national response could address an unprecedented COVID-19 surge across Canada
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: 7 days ago
Here's a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
6,500 new COVID-19 cases per day projected by mid-December if no further action is taken.
Ontario has changed guidelines and imposed severe restrictions on five major cities and regions.
Cases are doubling every 12 months (not specified as "13 days" for British Columbia).
Experts recommend a national response to address the pandemic, possibly using emergency federal powers.

Article 6 of 6
Title: Trudeau threatens to cancel Christmas for canadians
Publisher: Jagonews24
Trusted: False
Posted: 7 days ago
Canadian Thanksgiving fueled a surge in COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations, and deaths.
Public health officials warn that Christmas celebrations are at risk due to high case numbers.
Informal social gatherings are a key source of transmission.
New daily cases could more than double if Canadians don't take precautions seriously.
Ontario's scientific experts predict case numbers and hospitalizations will reach crisis levels, possibly exceeding Europe's current situation.