Below are 6 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 6
Title: Young adults who are obese at greater risk of needing ventilator due to COVID-19: study
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
Key points:
Young adults (18-34) with underlying conditions such as morbid obesity, diabetes, and hypertension are at high risk of being placed on a ventilator or dying from COVID-19.
Black and Hispanic people account for 57% of young adult hospitalizations and 49% of young adult deaths or intubations in the US.
Males are at greater risk than females among young adults (58% vs 42% hospitalized, 65% vs 35% dead/intubated).
Morbid obesity is a significant risk factor for COVID-19 complications, accounting for 41% of intubated and dead patients.
A separate study found obese people are twice as likely to be hospitalized after contracting the coronavirus.

Article 2 of 6
Title: Thousands of students return to schools as new COVID-19 cases emerge
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
118 confirmed cases among teachers and students in Quebec since classes resumed.
Ontario reported concerns over class sizes with some classes exceeding 30 students.
Ontario officials reported 193 students and 7 staff staying home due to novel coronavirus infections linked to French-language Catholic schools.
The article does not provide direct information on COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, but it suggests that the number of cases in Quebec could be a precursor to the situation in Ontario.

Article 3 of 6
Title: 'Teeth are taking a beating': Dentists say cracked teeth are more common post-lockdown
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
Stress and poor diet have led to an increase in jaw clenching and grinding among Canadians during the pandemic.
This has resulted in a surge in patients with cracked or damaged teeth at dental clinics in Ontario (and possibly other provinces).
Delayed or foregone dental care may contribute to this issue.
Key values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: stress levels and changes in diet.

Article 4 of 6
Title: Ottawa Public Health confirms COVID-19 cases at five schools
Publisher: CTV News Ottawa
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
Values most important for forecasting:
Number of positive cases in schools
Proportion of individuals who test positive but do not infect others within their school community (i.e., no outbreaks declared)
Information on the process of case and contact management by OPH, including screening, testing, and isolation procedures
The potential stress and awareness raised among parents and guardians about COVID-19 protocols in schools

Article 5 of 6
Title: Suspected COVID-related syndrome in children can cause severe heart damage, study finds
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 6 days ago
Almost half of patients who had MIS-C also had an underlying medical condition, and of those, half were obese or overweight.
90% of children with MIS-C suffered cardiac involvement.
High levels of troponin (50 times its normal level) indicate significant cardiac manifestation of the disease.
71% of children with MIS-C were admitted to the ICU, and at least 60% presented with shock.
These values highlight the severity of MIS-C in children and potential long-term implications for their heart health. However, it's essential to note that the article does not directly relate to forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.

Article 6 of 6
Title: Ontario racetracks push province to remove 100-fan cap and allow more spectators
Publisher: CTV News Ottawa
Trusted: False
Posted: 7 days ago
Key points:
The article does not mention hospitalization data or related information.
It discusses motorsports events, attendees capacity, and government policies.
No data is presented that would be useful for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario.