Below are 3 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 3
Title: Ontario COVID-19 modelling shows ICU numbers stable, but likely to rise
Publisher: The Globe and Mail
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary highlighting the most important values: COVID-19 cases are rising in most public health units in Ontario, with hospitalizations and intensive-care occupancy rates remaining stable but expected to increase. ICU admissions are likely to rise, with projections showing ICU numbers could climb to between 200 and 250 people by the end of December or early January. Unvaccinated people are 11 times more likely to be hospitalized and have a 26-fold higher risk of being in the ICU compared to the fully vaccinated. Vaccinations continue to be highly effective in combatting COVID-19. Key indicators such as the effective reproductive number, per cent of tests that are positive, and weekly case rates are increasing, with a 30% increase in weekly case rates. The spread is happening mostly in the 20-to-39 age group in social settings indoors. Ontario has implemented a vaccine-passport system, but plans to gradually lift proof-of-vaccination requirements beginning Jan. 17. Public health measures such as masking in indoor public spaces will be lifted beginning on March 28. These values are important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, as they provide insight into the current trends and expected outcomes of the pandemic in the province.

Article 2 of 3
Title: COVID-19 outbreak at Sault Area Hospital as health unit reports 29 new cases
Publisher: CTV News Northern Ontario
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
Summary: 3 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in hospital connected to the outbreak at Sault Area Hospital (SAH) 29 new cases reported in Sault Ste. Marie by the Algoma Health Unit SAH has implemented infection control measures, including restricting visitors to only vaccinated individuals for compassionate reasons, strict hand hygiene, and enhanced cleaning and disinfection. Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: Number of confirmed cases in hospital (3) Number of new cases reported in the area (29) Implementation of infection control measures, which may impact the spread of the virus and subsequent hospitalizations.

Article 3 of 3
Title: Antidepressant may prevent severe COVID-19, follow-up study indicates – Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis
Publisher: Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis
Trusted: True
Posted: 4 days ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Summary: A study conducted in Brazil found that the antidepressant fluvoxamine reduces the risk of hospitalization and death in COVID-19 patients. The study involved 1,500 patients, with 741 receiving fluvoxamine and 756 receiving a placebo. Results showed that 11% of patients taking fluvoxamine required extended emergency care or hospitalization, compared to 16% of those taking a placebo. A secondary analysis found that patients who took at least 80% of their pills had a reduced risk of hospitalization or extended emergency care by two-thirds, and a 91% reduction in mortality risk. The study suggests that fluvoxamine could be a low-cost and effective treatment option for newly diagnosed COVID-19 patients, particularly in countries with low vaccination rates. Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: Reduction in hospitalization risk: 11% (fluvoxamine) vs. 16% (placebo) Reduction in mortality risk: 91% (fluvoxamine) vs. placebo Cost-effectiveness: fluvoxamine costs approximately $4 for a course of treatment These values can be used to inform forecasting models and estimate the potential impact of fluvoxamine on COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.