Below are 2 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 2
Title: 'No doubt' Canada now in 4th wave of COVID-19 as cases spike across much of the country
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: The seven-day average for new daily cases in Canada is close to 1,300, with cases increasing by nearly 60% over the previous week, mainly in provinces including Ontario. Experts agree that Canada is entering a fourth wave of the pandemic, driven by the delta variant and unvaccinated individuals. High vaccination uptake across the country has changed the game, with roughly 60% of Canadians fully vaccinated, and research showing leading vaccines offer high levels of protection from serious illness. Unvaccinated individuals are disproportionately affected, with 90% of cases reported in Canada since the start of the vaccination program being among unvaccinated individuals. Fully vaccinated COVID-19 cases were 70% less likely to be hospitalized and 51% less likely to die as a result of their illness. Pressure on the health-care system is still possible, particularly if a large proportion of unvaccinated individuals get sick in a short period of time. Experts stress the need to maintain precautions like mask-wearing and to increase vaccination rates to avoid the worst outcomes of a fourth wave. These values are important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, as they provide insight into the current trend of increasing cases, the impact of vaccination on severe illness, and the potential pressure on the health-care system.

Article 2 of 2
Title: Ontario reporting vaccinated vs. unvaccinated data in daily COVID-19 numbers
Publisher: CityNews
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary of the article, highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: 321 new COVID-19 infections were reported, with 267 cases in unvaccinated individuals, 54 in partially vaccinated individuals, and 78 in fully vaccinated individuals. Approximately 80% of cases were in unvaccinated and partially vaccinated people. Hospitalization and ICU data are being collected through two data sources with different extraction times and public reporting cycles. Breakthrough infections in fully vaccinated people tend to be milder, according to Ontario's chief medical officer of health, Dr. Kieran Moore. Vaccination rates are high, with 81% of adults 18+ having received at least one dose and 73.4% of Ontario's adult population fully vaccinated. The seven-day average of new cases is up to 306 cases per day. Younger age groups, such as those 12-and-older and others aged 18 to 29, lag in vaccination rates compared to older demographics. These values are important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, as they provide information on the current spread of the virus, vaccination rates, and the effectiveness of vaccines in preventing severe illness. This information can be used to inform models and make predictions about future hospitalization rates.