Below are 6 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 6
Title: Little to no room in eastern Ontario for COVID-19 patients from other regions, say officials
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: Today
Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
There is limited capacity to take on COVID-19 patients in eastern Ontario. 
The Eastern Ontario Health Unit has already seen a sharp surge of cases and hospitalizations.
One-third of intensive care beds are being reserved for transfers from hospitals with no more room.
A field hospital is being developed but will not be ready for several weeks.
There is uncertainty about future capacity needs, but efforts are being made to increase immediate capacity.

Article 2 of 6
Title: 'Lockdown light' failed in Canada's hardest-hit regions. Here's what experts say should happen now
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: Today
Quebec has imposed a nightly curfew from 8 p.m. to 5 a.m. as part of a four-week provincial lockdown aimed at reducing the spread of COVID-19 after record cases have put a strain on the health-care system.
Health experts say the decision to impose a curfew is an extreme measure, but it may be necessary to get the pandemic under control.
The restrictions in Quebec do not include limits on the manufacturing or construction sectors or a prolonged break for schools, which have been hotspots of outbreaks in recent weeks.
Critics argue that stricter measures are needed, including lockdowns similar to those implemented in Australia and other countries that were able to successfully control the spread of COVID-19 in their first wave.
Some experts say a stricter lockdown in Ontario would likely help drive cases down to manageable levels, but the government's hesitance may be due to the potential political fallout.
The key is to better apply all that we have learned in the past 10 months so we can contain the pandemic once and for all, according to Dr. Irfan Dhalla, vice-president of physician quality at Unity Health.
Health experts say it will likely take more than just a four-week circuit breaker-type lockdown to turn things around and that making it work requires providing very clear advice on what is allowable and what's not.
The success of the curfew in Quebec will depend on how well it is enforced, according to Dr. Zainab Hota, an infectious disease specialist at St. Joseph's Hospital in Toronto.
Some experts are concerned that more severe lockdowns may lead to more resistance from the public, while others say anything short of drastic restrictions now will once again fall short of addressing a second wave that is quickly on the verge of getting out of control in hospitals.

Article 3 of 6
Title: Coronavirus: Kingston prepares to receive out-of-region COVID-19 patients - Kingston
Publisher: Global News
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.
The values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada are:
The number of current ICU admissions (600)
The projected number of future ICU admissions (over 500 by Jan. 24)
The total number of expected hospitalizations (over 1,700 by Jan. 24)

Article 4 of 6
Title: Hospital figures reach pandemic highs as Ontario reveals more details about vaccine rollout
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
New cases: 3,128
Active infections: 25,840
Hospitalizations: 1,347 (all-time high)
ICU admissions: 352 (all-time high)
Ventilator use: 245 (all-time high) 
Test positivity rate: 9.4%

Article 5 of 6
Title: Field hospitals and cancelled surgeries: health-care system under siege by rising COVID-19 cases
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
Over 4,000 individuals with COVID-19 are being treated in Canadian hospitals per week.
The number of critical care patients (770) and total COVID-19 patients is increasing.
Field hospitals (e.g. Pandemic Response Unit, internal field hospital in Oakville) and temporary morgues (e.g. refrigerated trailer in London) are being used due to capacity issues.
Hospitalizations are forcing the cancellation of elective surgeries and delayed care for other patients.
COVID-19 cases are expected to continue climbing, making it difficult for hospitals to stay open for all services.

Article 6 of 6
Title: Inmates fear 'leaving in a body bag' as COVID-19 outbreaks in prisons worsen
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
The article discusses the COVID-19 pandemic's impact on Canada's prison system, specifically highlighting concerns about the spread of the virus within correctional institutions. The focus is on a particular individual, Whalen, who was sentenced to prison for a parole violation related to a positive drug test in 2017. As a small business owner, Whalen had been making progress and serving as an inspiration to his employees.
However, Whalen's sentence coincided with the pandemic, and he expressed fears that his incarceration might be prolonged due to COVID-19-related risks. The article suggests that preventative actions could have been taken to mitigate these risks, such as easing bail requirements for inmates awaiting trial, releasing non-violent inmates over 50 years old, or implementing measures to reduce prison populations.
Advocates, including criminology professor Justin Piché and Toronto Prisoners' Rights Project organizer Hoilett, criticize the Canadian government's handling of the situation. They point out that:
1. Provincial jails reduced their populations by a quarter between February and April 2020, while Correctional Services Canada only decreased its population by one percent.
2. Federal institutions missed opportunities to de-populate, especially among non-violent inmates over 50 years old, who are disproportionately vulnerable to COVID-19.
3. The federal government failed to seriously consider releasing these high-risk individuals.
Piché emphasizes the need for immediate action to address these concerns, including releasing safely eligible inmates and allocating resources to provide temporary or permanent housing for former inmates and needy civilians.
Key points:
Whalen, a small business owner, was sentenced to prison in 2017 for a parole violation related to a positive drug test.
His incarceration coincided with the COVID-19 pandemic, raising concerns about prolonged confinement due to virus-related risks.
Advocates criticize the Canadian government's handling of the situation, pointing out missed opportunities to de-populate prisons and protect vulnerable inmates.
Provincial jails reduced their populations by 25% in response to the pandemic, while Correctional Services Canada only decreased its population by one percent.
Non-violent inmates over 50 years old are disproportionately vulnerable to COVID-19 and should be targeted for release.