Below are 6 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 6
Title: RVH begins cautious resumption of non-urgent surgery and procedures
Publisher: Royal Victoria Regional Health Centre
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
New COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations, and ICU admissions are declining.
Provincial hospitals still need to maintain bed capacity for critical care needs.
RVH has accepted over 200 patient transfers from the GTA since December.
The hospital is cautious about resuming non-urgent surgeries due to ongoing high demand for critical COVID patients.

Article 2 of 6
Title: More COVID-19 patients transferred out of Manitoba; ICU doctor warns numbers could climb
Publisher: CTV News Winnipeg
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
The article reports Manitoba transferring 26 COVID-19 patients to Ontario ICUs. ICU cases lag behind daily case counts by 2-3 weeks and Manitoba expects a crest in ICU numbers followed by a decline. This may result in up to 100 patient transfers from Manitoba to other provinces, including Saskatchewan.

Article 3 of 6
Title: A snapshot of Canada's progress in administering COVID-19 vaccines
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
Key values:
60% of eligible Canadians have been vaccinated with their first COVID-19 vaccine doses.
First-dose rate: almost 1% per day, second-dose rate: 0.11% per day.
Assuming the overall vaccination rate holds, a shift to administering all doses as second vaccinations would see:
+ 20% fully vaccinated by July 7
+ 50% by August 4
+ 80% by September 1
+ 90% by September 11

Article 4 of 6
Title: Manitoban with COVID-19 died after attempted transport to Ontario
Publisher: CTV News Winnipeg
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
23 COVID-19 patients from Manitoba have been transferred to hospitals in northern Ontario.
The death of a Manitoban with COVID-19 occurred after they were selected for transport to an Ontario hospital due to their critically ill condition.
This incident highlights the need to assess the standard of care for transported patients, especially those requiring intensive care.
Rapid deterioration and death of COVID-19 patients is not uncommon, whether in ICUs or during transports.

Article 5 of 6
Title: 12 ICU nurses among federal supports headed to Manitoba as COVID-19 batters hospitals
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
Relevant.
Summary: Manitoba is experiencing a surge in COVID-19 hospitalizations, with ICU capacity nearly double pre-pandemic levels (140 patients vs 70). The province has sent 18 patients to Ontario hospitals due to maxed-out capacity and is expecting help from the federal government, including critical care nurses.

Article 6 of 6
Title: Announcement on Ontario schools 'imminent', medical officers of health chair says
Publisher: CTV News Ottawa
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
Values most important for forecasting:
Proportion of schools reopening (not specified)
Potential increase in case counts (6-11%)
Possibility that the province will announce a regional plan
Variability in school readiness and ventilation (potentially spotty)