Below are 4 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 4
Title: Ontario's homeless 5 times more likely to die of COVID-19, study finds
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
A brief summary of the article relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
The study found that people with a recent history of homelessness were over 20 times more likely to be hospitalized for COVID-19, over 10 times more likely to receive intensive care, and over five times more likely to die within 21 days. The researchers also found a dramatically higher positivity rate among the homeless once testing became available to all Ontarians, with their tests coming back positive more than 75% more frequently.
Important values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: 
High likelihood of hospitalization and severe outcomes (20 times more likely to be hospitalized) 
Higher co-morbidities among the homeless population (respiratory conditions, diabetes)

Article 2 of 4
Title: Ontario Issues Stay-At-Home Order as Hospitalizations Soar
Publisher: Bloomberg
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
Relevant.
COVID-19 hospitalizations: Ontario imposes stay-at-home rules starting Jan 14, requiring residents to stay in except for essential purposes.
New variant emerges, accelerating COVID-19 rates.
Restrictions likely to impact hospitalization numbers.

Article 3 of 4
Title: Little to no room in eastern Ontario for COVID-19 patients from other regions, say officials
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 7 days ago
Hospitals in eastern Ontario are nearing capacity due to a surge in COVID-19 cases.
One-third of ICU beds will be reserved for transfers from hospitals with no more room.
A field hospital is being developed but won't be ready for several weeks.
Capacity concerns are province-wide, with Premier Ford saying the situation is "getting out of control".

Article 4 of 4
Title: 'Lockdown light' failed in Canada's hardest-hit regions. Here's what experts say should happen now
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: 7 days ago
Quebec has imposed a curfew from 8 p.m. to 5 a.m. for the next four weeks, which is the first of its kind in Canada since the pandemic began. This measure is part of a broader lockdown aimed at reducing the spread of COVID-19 after record cases have put a strain on the health-care system.
Critics argue that this new restriction doesn't address all areas where outbreaks have occurred, such as manufacturing and construction sectors or prolonged breaks for schools.
Experts say stricter measures might help drive case numbers down, but enforcement would be crucial. Some question whether people will comply with more severe lockdowns, while others believe the current restrictions are not sufficient to control the spread of the virus.
Health experts suggest that Ontario should consider implementing a stricter lockdown similar to what Australia successfully used in its first wave of COVID-19 cases. They emphasize that this approach has been proven and could help bring case numbers down.
However, others point out that more severe lockdowns may lead to public resistance and question whether people will comply with such measures.
Key quotes:
"We need to be communicating clearly, and not sending mixed messages. We need to use restrictions and lockdowns to reduce transmission substantially, and only open up when we have the capacity to contain the virus with public health interventions like testing, contact tracing, and quarantine." - Dr. Irfan Dhalla
"Ultimately, it's always up to the people to do what needs to be done." - Dr. Nili Hota
Quebec's new restrictions aim to reduce transmission rates by limiting social interactions and movement. However, experts argue that more comprehensive measures may be necessary to effectively control the spread of COVID-19.
As case numbers continue to rise, governments face pressure to implement stricter measures while ensuring public compliance and support.