Below are 8 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 8
Title: Canada’s ICUs see near-record of COVID-19 patients last week as variant cases double
Publisher: Surrey Now Leader
Trusted: False
Posted: Today
Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Average daily COVID-19 hospitalizations: 2,500 (up 7% from previous week)
ICU admissions: 552 patients with COVID-related critical illness in Ontario intensive care units as of Friday morning
Average daily new cases: more than 6,800
Increase in variants of concern: number of new COVID-19 cases linked to variants has doubled over the past week

Article 2 of 8
Title: Ontario Enacts Provincial Emergency and Stay-at-Home Order
Publisher: Bay Ward Bulletin
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
Values most important for forecasting:
Hospitalization rates at an all-time high since the beginning of the pandemic
Variants of concern established and making up the majority of the virus detected in Ottawa's wastewater
Increased community transmission across various settings, including workplaces and restaurants
Proportion of older adults (over 60) hospitalized is still high, with this group being prioritized for vaccination efforts
Wastewater signal continuing its steep climb, indicating growing COVID-19 levels in the community

Article 3 of 8
Title: Ontario hospitals allowed to transfer patients without consent
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
Here are the key values:
Record number of ICU admissions (552) on Friday
Increase in hospitalizations and ICU admissions due to variants of concern
Hospitals facing unprecedented critical care capacity pressures
Expected increase in numbers over the next short while
Up to 1,000 new ICU beds expected through redeployment and transfer orders

Article 4 of 8
Title: Why comparing COVID-19 hospitalization numbers between provinces isn't apple to apples
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Ontario recently changed its ICU reporting method to differentiate between infectious and non-infectious patients.
Number of patients in ICU who are still considered infectious: 476 (as of Wednesday)
Total number of patients in ICU: 504 (as of Wednesday)

Article 5 of 8
Title: Kingston’s main ICU at capacity, including 17 out-of-region COVID-19 patients - Kingston
Publisher: Global News
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant article for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.
17 beds at Kingston General Hospital's main ICU serve COVID-19 patients from across the Ontario Health East Region (out of region).
6 more COVID-19 patients are expected to be transferred on Friday.
Total number of beds at Kingston ICUs is fluid and being adjusted due to high demand.
Provincial hospitalizations up by 41% over past two weeks.
New variants account for 65% of all cases in Ontario.

Article 6 of 8
Title: In last-minute change, Legault to hold yet another 5 p.m. press conference, on Thursday
Publisher: CTV News Montreal
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
Quebec is experiencing a surge in COVID-19 cases.
The situation is particularly dire in Quebec City where a gym outbreak has resulted in over 400 infections and one death.
Other regions in Quebec, such as the Outaouais region, are also seeing high case numbers.
Ontario has declared a state of emergency and issued a stay-at-home order due to growing caseloads.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Case growth rate in Ontario
Hospitalization rates per confirmed case (may be inferred from Quebec's situation)

Article 7 of 8
Title: The Vaccine Rollout is Leaving Toronto’s Hardest-Hit Postal Codes Behind
Publisher: The Local
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
The article reveals a mismatch between who needs the vaccine and who is receiving it in Toronto. Postal codes with the worst COVID rates (e.g., M3N around Jane and Finch) have low vaccination rates (<5.5%), while areas with high vaccination rates ( 21%) tend to have low COVID hospitalization and death rates. The disparity in access to vaccines remains stark, with some neighborhoods having limited pharmacies offering vaccines within a 3-kilometer radius. This information can be useful for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada by considering the relationship between vaccine uptake, socio-economic factors (e.g., low-income essential workers), and geographic location.

Article 8 of 8
Title: Situation in Ontario ICUs like a never-ending 'fire' amid COVID-19 3rd wave, says nurse
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 7 days ago
Values most important for forecasting: 
Current ICU admissions (451 patients) and projected increase to over 800 by the end of the month
Impact of variants of concern on hospitalizations and ICU occupancy
Age of patients being affected (younger people between 30-50 years old)
Increased concern about essential workers and their families due to uneven burden of risk and lack of prioritized vaccinations or paid sick leave
Projected exponential growth of variant COVID-19 infections that could overwhelm ICUs.