Below are 4 news articles from the past 7 days regarding COVID-19 Hospitalizations Ontario to help guide you in making your decision. Using your best judgement, take into consideration only the articles that are most relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Articles that are from know reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 4
Title: Vaccines Remain Largely Effective Against Delta Variant, Counter to Claims From Fox News Guest
Publisher: FactCheck.org
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. The article discusses the effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines against the delta variant, which is crucial for understanding the potential impact on hospitalizations. Key points relevant to forecasting hospitalizations include: 1. Vaccine effectiveness: Studies suggest that vaccines are highly effective against severe disease and hospitalization, even against the delta variant. For example, Public Health England estimates that full vaccination lowers the risk of severe illness by 96% against the delta variant. 2. Breakthrough infections: While breakthrough infections can occur, they are relatively rare and often mild. The CDC notes that less than 3% of COVID-19 hospitalizations between January and May were in fully vaccinated people. 3. Age and immunocompromised individuals: The chance of having a breakthrough infection appears to go up with age and is more likely in people who are immunocompromised. 4. Booster shots: The CDC recommends an extra dose of the Pfizer/BioNTech and Moderna vaccines for certain people with weakened immune systems. These points suggest that vaccination is an effective tool in reducing hospitalizations due to COVID-19, even against the delta variant. However, it is essential to consider factors like age, immunocompromised individuals, and breakthrough infections when forecasting hospitalizations.

Article 2 of 4
Title: Ontario to run hospitals at 115% capacity to clear pandemic surgical backlog
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
TRUE The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary of the values most important for forecasting: The province is planning to increase hospital capacity to 115% of pre-pandemic levels to address a backlog of surgeries and procedures delayed by the pandemic. The plan includes a $324 million investment to help hospitals perform up to 67,000 more surgeries and offer 135,000 more hours for diagnostic imaging. The goal is to reach 100% of pre-pandemic capacity for non-urgent and non-emergency procedures by the fall, and then ramp up to 110-115% by spring 2022. However, experts are questioning whether there will be enough staff to support the increased capacity. The province is also introducing supports for workers, including new training programs to recruit nurses and surgeons. The article mentions that demand for healthcare services fell during the pandemic, but is expected to increase as people begin seeking care again. The province has seen a significant increase in virtual care, but will need to reintroduce people to in-person tests, procedures, and scans. The article also mentions the uncertainty around how the new plan would be impacted by another surge in COVID-19 cases. Key values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada include: Hospital capacity: 115% of pre-pandemic levels Investment: $324 million Number of surgeries: up to 67,000 more Diagnostic imaging hours: up to 135,000 more Staffing: uncertain, with concerns about availability of workers Demand: expected to increase as people seek care again Virtual care: significant increase, but need to reintroduce in-person care.

Article 3 of 4
Title: Peel Region saw 81 people hospitalized with COVID-19 in about a month. None were fully vaccinated
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
TRUE. The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary highlighting the most important values: 81 people were hospitalized with COVID-19 in Peel Region (Brampton and Mississauga) between June 1 and July 9. 2/3 of those patients were unvaccinated, and 1/3 had received only one dose of a COVID-19 vaccine. The data suggests that the delta variant can be severe even for those who are only partially immunized. These values are important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, as they indicate the impact of vaccination status on hospitalization rates and the potential severity of the delta variant. This information can be used to inform vaccination strategies and predict future hospitalization rates based on vaccination rates and the spread of the delta variant.

Article 4 of 4
Title: Potential COVID-19 exposure on Ontario Northland bus
Publisher: CTV News Northern Ontario
Trusted: False
Posted: 7 days ago
TRUE The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, as it reports a potential public exposure to COVID-19 on an Ontario Northland bus route. The key values important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, are: Date of exposure: July 14 Location of exposure: Bus routes 2306 and 5401, departing from Toronto's Union Station and traveling to North Bay and Sudbury Number of people potentially exposed: Unknown, but passengers on the bus route are asked to self-monitor for symptoms Timeframe for self-monitoring: 14 days from July 14 This information can be used to forecast potential increases in COVID-19 hospitalizations in the Sudbury and North Bay areas, as well as the potential for further transmission of the virus in these communities.