Below are 5 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 5
Title: COVID-19 might have been in Canada earlier than when it was first identified: expert
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: Today
Key points:
The virus may have reached Canada weeks before the first official case.
Travel patterns and border restrictions could be important factors to consider.
Early warning systems, global public health intelligence, and timely implementation of border measures are crucial for controlling transmission.
Countries that implemented tight border restrictions early on (e.g. New Zealand, Vietnam, Australia) were more successful at curbing transmission.
Strengthening public health capacities and preparedness is essential for responding to future pandemics.

Article 2 of 5
Title: Leeds, Grenville and Lanark County moving to yellow-protect zone; new restrictions on bars and restaurants
Publisher: CTV News Ottawa
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
Key values:
Cases of COVID-19 detected in specific areas (20 cases in Pakenham, Almonte, and Carleton Place)
Areas moving to "yellow-protect" zone with new restrictions on bars, restaurants, sports facilities, and events
Contact information collection for patrons at personal care settings
Increased scrutiny on following public health measures to limit spread of COVID-19

Article 3 of 5
Title: Health-care settings do not increase risk of contracting COVID-19, study finds
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
Summary: The study found that community exposures (e.g., having a known exposure to someone with COVID-19) are a stronger risk factor for healthcare workers contracting COVID-19 than working in a healthcare setting. In Ontario, Canada, this may be relevant if similar data on community exposures and hospitalization rates are available.

Article 4 of 5
Title: Early Impact of Ontario’s COVID-19 Vaccine Rollout on Long-Term Care Home Residents and Health Care Workers
Publisher: Ontario COVID-19 Science Advisory Table
Trusted: True
Posted: 5 days ago
The study aimed to estimate the impact of COVID-19 vaccination on SARS-CoV-2 incidence, COVID-19 hospitalizations, and deaths among Ontario long-term care (LTC) home residents and healthcare workers (HCWs). Here are the key methods used in the study:
Data Sources: 
Public Health Case and Contact Management Solution database for all Public Health Units (PHUs) on March 1, 2021.
Information on COVID-19 vaccination completion dates for LTC residents and HCWs was obtained from PHU websites, news articles, Twitter posts, and personal communications.
Exposure: 
The primary exposure was time since the start of COVID-19 vaccination within LTC homes in a PHU.
Partial completion of PHU vaccination was interpolated to create a continuous variable.
Control Populations: 
Control population for LTC residents were individuals 70 years of age or older and living outside of LTC homes.
Control population for LTC HCWs were individuals of working age (18-64 years) who were not coded as HCWs.
Outcomes: 
Primary outcome was the daily number of SARS-CoV-2 infections in LTC residents and HCWs.
Secondary outcomes were COVID-19 hospitalizations and deaths.
Estimation Methods: 
Difference-in-differences analysis was used to compare the change in outcomes between the treatment (LTC residents and HCWs) and control populations over time.
Quasi-Poisson regression models were used to estimate the impact of vaccination on SARS-CoV-2 incidence, COVID-19 hospitalizations, and deaths.
Estimation of Prevented Cases: 
The estimated number of expected (without intervention), observed (given intervention), and prevented cases of SARS-CoV-2 infection was determined by comparing predicted incidence in the absence of vaccination with observed incidence given the COVID-19 vaccination start and completion date for every PHU.
Similarly, the estimated number of deaths was calculated as the product of the estimated difference-in-differences of infection multiplied by the difference-in-differences of case fatality.
Estimation of Prevented Hospitalizations and Deaths: 
An additional difference-in-differences model was used to estimate the impact of vaccination on COVID-19 hospitalizations among LTC HCWs, using hospitalization rates from CCM plus data.
The estimated number of COVID-19 hospitalizations prevented was calculated by multiplying the estimated number of cases prevented with the case fatality rate and hospitalization rate, respectively.

Article 5 of 5
Title: 'It's a disaster': Trust in long-term care at an all-time low
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
A summary relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Long-term care facilities have been a major source of COVID-19 cases and deaths in Canada (15,597 Canadians living in long-term care have died from COVID-19 as of March 7, 2021).
The majority of these deaths occurred in Ontario.
Experts suggest that a quarter of Ontario's waitlist for long-term care homes could be avoided if home care options were more robust.
Home care and long-term care options may not be equally effective in preventing hospitalizations, with some patients facing "untenable" situations when trying to receive care at home.