Below are 8 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 8
Title: LTC homes urged to make space as hospitals brace for flood of COVID-19 patients
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
5,000 "alternate level of care" (ALC) patients are currently occupying hospital beds in Ontario.
These patients are awaiting home care services or transfer to other facilities, such as long-term care homes.
Hospitalizations in Ottawa are doubling every 10-12 days, putting the health-care system at risk of being overwhelmed.
The Ontario Ministry of Long-Term Care has set a goal of 1,500 placements in long-term care homes across the province within two weeks to alleviate pressures on hospitals.

Article 2 of 8
Title: 2 Toronto hospitals install tents outside to relieve emergency room waiting overflow - Toronto
Publisher: Global News
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
Two UHN hospitals (Toronto Western Hospital and Toronto General Hospital) are setting up tents outside emergency rooms to increase physical distance between waiting patients.
Capacity of the tents: 15 people at Toronto Western Hospital, 10-12 people at Toronto General Hospital.
Record-high hospitalization numbers reported in Ontario: 
1,932 people hospitalized with COVID-19
659 patients in ICUs
442 patients on ventilators

Article 3 of 8
Title: Ontario says a COVID-19 field hospital is expected to take patients this month
Publisher: CTV News Toronto
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, as it:
Mentions rising hospitalizations due to the pandemic
References a field hospital being activated to increase capacity
Indicates that non-critical care patients will be transferred to general medicine beds within hospitals

Article 4 of 8
Title: ‘Sicker and younger’: Toronto ICU copes with pressure during 3rd wave of COVID
Publisher: Global News
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
644 patients with COVID-19-related critical illness in intensive care beds as of Thursday (Critical Care Services Ontario)
ICU bed capacity being strained across the province
Up to 1,000 more ICU beds promised by the government in response to growing need
Increased cases and younger patients being treated for COVID-19 in ICUs

Article 5 of 8
Title: COVID-19: 2 deaths, 76 cases, 140 resolved in London-Middlesex; 52 hospitalized, 18 in ICU: LHSC - London
Publisher: Global News
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
There is no specific information in the article about local pharmacies offering COVID-19 vaccines for students. However, the article does mention that multiple pharmacies in Lambton are offering the AstraZeneca vaccine to those 55 and older as part of a province-run pilot program.
To find out which local pharmacies are participating in this program or may be offering COVID-19 vaccines for students, you can contact the pharmacies directly. A list of local participating pharmacies can be found on the province's website.
Additionally, you may want to reach out to the local school boards (Lambton-Kent District School Board and St. Clair Catholic District School Board) to inquire about any vaccine clinics or programs that may be available for students.

Article 6 of 8
Title: 15 staff test positive at bakery, as Hamilton sees 143 new cases and more outbreaks
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
New outbreaks reported: Hamilton (4), Brant (41 new cases), Haldimand-Norfolk (24 more active cases).
Hospitalization numbers: St. Joseph's Healthcare Hamilton (48 patients), Hamilton Health Sciences (70 patients).

Article 7 of 8
Title: Ontario Moves Schools to Remote Learning Following Spring Break
Publisher: Hometown Media
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
Summary: 
COVID-19 cases are increasing rapidly in Ontario.
Hospital admissions have increased by 22.1% between April 4 and 10, 2021.
ICU occupancy has also increased, with 605 patients currently on a ventilator.
Modeling data projects an additional 195 ICU beds will be required within the next 10 days.
The number of people requiring an intensive care bed is projected to rise to approximately 800 people within the next 10 days.

Article 8 of 8
Title: These 'hot spots' getting vaccine priority are less hard-hit by COVID-19 than Ontario average
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
The article discusses the designation of COVID-19 hotspots in Ontario, where residents have priority access to vaccinations. The province has designated 114 postal code zones across the province as hotspots, with Ottawa having three zones (K1T, K1V, and K2V) and Toronto having several zones, including M5V.
However, the article notes that not all areas within these hotspots have equal access to vaccinations. In some cases, pop-up clinics are being set up in higher-income neighborhoods within the designated hotspots, while other areas with lower vaccination rates may be left behind.
The article highlights specific examples of hotspots in Ottawa and Toronto, including:
K2V, which has a low population density but still has a high number of infections. Despite this, it was not included in the initial list of pop-up clinics.
M5V, where condo towers make up the bulk of the neighborhood. While there have been many infections reported here, the infection rate is lower than the Ontario average, and hospitalization and death rates are also well below average.
The article also notes that Hamilton has been left out of some hotspots, despite having a high number of cases per population. Dr. Elizabeth Richardson, the city's medical officer of health, has called on the government to add more neighborhoods to the list.
Furthermore, the article mentions that York Region has over 600,000 people living in designated hotspots, which is roughly half of its population. This highlights the uneven distribution of vaccine access across different regions and income levels.
Overall, the article suggests that there may be a disconnect between the designated hotspots and actual areas with high vaccination needs, highlighting the complexities of addressing COVID-19 outbreaks in diverse urban settings.
Key points from the article:
114 postal code zones have been designated as COVID-19 hotspots in Ontario.
Ottawa has three hotspots (K1T, K1V, and K2V), while Toronto has several hotspots, including M5V.
Not all areas within these hotspots have equal access to vaccinations.
Pop-up clinics are being set up in some higher-income neighborhoods within the designated hotspots.
Hamilton has been left out of some hotspots, despite having a high number of cases per population.
York Region has over 600,000 people living in designated hotspots, roughly half its population.