Below are 7 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 7
Title: 'COVID may not necessarily be done with us:' RVH doctor concerned as mandates lift
Publisher: CTV News Barrie
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
There has been a decrease in COVID-19 hospital admissions at Royal Victoria Regional Health Centre.
The medical director warns that COVID-19 is still present in the community and people may become complacent.
The province's science advisory table notes an increase in COVID-19 cases based on wastewater transmission data.
Hospital staff are experiencing burnout, but have maintained camaraderie and resilience during the pandemic.
Hospitals will need to balance treating COVID-19 patients with other healthcare needs.

Article 2 of 7
Title: Hamilton’s West End Urgent Care Clinic reopens as COVID-19 cases decline in local hospitals - Hamilton
Publisher: Global News
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
Relevant article for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.
The article highlights:
Decreased COVID-19 hospitalizations and ICU admissions in Hamilton (under 50 combined) as of March 23.
The latest Scarsin forecast suggesting a "small swell" of new COVID cases in the spring with worst-case scenario of 200 COVID-related hospitalizations between now and late May.
Ontario's reported 611 people in hospital with COVID on Wednesday, with 174 in intensive care (down from previous day).

Article 3 of 7
Title: Immunocompromised families doing tricky calculus as Ontario's pandemic rules end
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
Key points:
Hospital admissions of children with COVID-19 at CHEO (Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario) have increased since the start of the Omicron wave.
72% of all COVID-19 admissions to CHEO during the pandemic occurred since December 1, 2021.
Average number of pediatric COVID-19 patients at CHEO is around 6 per week.

Article 4 of 7
Title: Ontario lifts mask mandates in most spaces, but it's no 'light switch' for pre-pandemic life, expert says
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
551 people are currently hospitalized with COVID-19.
181 patients are in intensive care (ICU).
Hospitalization numbers have dipped slightly from last week's total of 602, but still remain high.
The number of patients in ICU is down from last Sunday's total of 182, but still elevated.
These values provide important context for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.

Article 5 of 7
Title: Students at 11 Toronto high schools to protest end of Ontario mask mandate
Publisher: CityNews Toronto
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
Relevant.
Summary: The article discusses the lifting of the mask mandate in Ontario schools by the Ford government, despite student protests calling for its extension due to concerns about COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations. Key values include:
Improved COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations (implied as reasoning behind lifting mask mandate)
Dr. Moore's recommendation to continue masking for vulnerable populations
Continued masking requirements in high-risk settings (e.g., public transit, long-term care homes)

Article 6 of 7
Title: Ontario reports 551 COVID-19 hospitalizations, 3 new deaths
Publisher: Yahoo News Canada
Trusted: False
Posted: 6 days ago
COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada are reported at 551 on Sunday. 
Key values for forecasting:
Hospitalization numbers (551 total)
Seven-day average of daily cases (1,837, trending up slightly)
ICU patients with COVID-related illnesses (182) 
Ventilator usage among ICU patients with COVID-19 (97)

Article 7 of 7
Title: COVID-19 hasn't gone anywhere in Canada — and we could still see another surge
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 7 days ago
Here's a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
There are still 4,000+ Canadians hospitalized with COVID-19, the highest since April 2021 and likely to rise.
Wastewater surveillance in Ontario indicates a slight uptick in SARS-CoV-2 concentrations, estimating current daily infections at 15,000-20,000.
BA.2 subvariant makes up over 40% of virus load in Saskatchewan and is expected to dominate in the coming weeks.
Positivity rates are rising in PEI and Newfoundland, with global new cases jumping by 8%.
Ontario's vaccination rates and community protection measures may not be sufficient to prevent hospitals from filling up again.