Below are 8 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 8
Title: You can gather with relatives on Family Day again. Here's how to stay safe
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: Today
COVID-19-related hospitalizations are trending downward in Ontario.
The province has loosened gathering restrictions to allow up to 50 people indoors and 100 people outdoors.
Epidemiologist Dr. Fahad Razak suggests considering risk levels still reasonably high across communities and testing breakdowns when planning gatherings.
He recommends reducing contacts before visiting vulnerable individuals, wearing masks around them, and getting outside for safer activities.
Rapid tests are also a good idea if available to use the same day as the gathering.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: 
- Decrease in hospitalization trends
- Loosened gathering restrictions
- Consideration of risk levels and testing breakdowns

Article 2 of 8
Title: What you need to know about COVID-19 in Ottawa on Thursday, Feb. 17
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
Here are the key points from the article about COVID-19 in Canada:
Travel Requirements 
Canadians can now enter Canada with proof of vaccination and a negative rapid test or PCR test, depending on their vaccination status.
Fully vaccinated Canadians can take an authorized rapid test instead of getting a PCR test to enter Canada as of Feb. 28.
The U.S. requires all adults crossing land, air, or water borders to be fully vaccinated and have proof of a negative COVID-19 test within a day of departure.
Vaccines 
Five COVID-19 vaccines are deemed safe and approved in Canada with some age restrictions.
Both local provinces recommend doses for kids aged 5-11 should be given at least eight weeks apart for the best possible protection.
People should not get a third dose until they're feeling recovered, but guidance varies on when this is.
Testing 
Eastern Ontario: Only high-risk people with symptoms or who are at risk of severe illness from COVID-19 can get a laboratory-checked PCR test due to Omicron demand. Qualified people can check with their health unit for clinic locations and hours.
Western Quebec: PCR tests will be reserved for high-risk settings such as hospitals, long-term care homes, detention centres, and homeless shelters.
First Nations, Inuit, and Métis 
First Nations, Inuit, and Métis people are eligible for a test in both Ontario and Quebec.
There is information available online or by phone (613-575-2341) for COVID-19 testing and vaccines in Akwesasne.
People in Kitigan Zibi Anishinabeg can call the COVID hotline at 819-449-8085 for a test.

Article 3 of 8
Title: Ontario science table shows COVID-19 levels dropping in wastewater, except in the north
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
Relevant article for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.
Key values for forecasting:
Steady decline in wastewater data except in northern areas
Hospitalizations due to COVID-19 are dropping across the province, but less pronounced in northern Ontario
High rates of cases per 100,000 in Northwestern, Porcupine, Thunder Bay, Algoma, and Sudbury and Districts regions
Estimated 4 million people infected since beginning of Omicron wave

Article 4 of 8
Title: Municipality of Killarney to build, run long-term care facility
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
Relevant values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: None. This article is not relevant to forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, as it discusses long-term care facility planning and construction unrelated to COVID-19 impacts on hospitals.

Article 5 of 8
Title: World is 'done' with COVID and it's time to move on from restrictions, Ford says
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
Key values:
Number of current hospitalizations: 1,550
Hospitalization trend: up from 1,369 the day before, down from 2,254 at the same time last week
Intensive care unit (ICU) admissions: 384 people, with about 80% admitted specifically for COVID-19 treatment

Article 6 of 8
Title: Coronavirus: What's happening in Canada and around the world on Tuesday
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
Here is a summary of the article:
Canada 
As of Tuesday, there were 74 people hospitalized with COVID-19 in Nova Scotia, including 11 in ICUs.
In New Brunswick, one more person with COVID-19 has died, and 101 people are currently hospitalized with the virus.
Prince Edward Island reported seven people in hospitals with COVID-19, with none of them in intensive care. Two new outbreaks were declared at long-term care facilities on Tuesday.
Newfoundland and Labrador reported one death due to COVID-19 and had 14 people hospitalized with the virus.
Global 
Over 414.9 million cases of COVID-19 have been reported worldwide, according to Johns Hopkins University's tracker.
The global death toll stands at over 5.8 million.
Hong Kong is experiencing its worst coronavirus wave to date, but authorities do not plan to impose a citywide lockdown.
Indonesia reported a record number of new COVID-19 cases on Tuesday, driven by the Omicron variant.
Australia's nurses walked off the job for the first time in nearly a decade to protest pay and work conditions during the pandemic.
In Europe, coronavirus case numbers have slightly dropped in Germany, and the Dutch government plans to lift most restrictions as of Friday.
The head of the World Health Organization's Europe office is warning about growing rates of COVID-19 infection in eastern Europe.
Other global news 
Israel will start offering AstraZeneca's antibody cocktail Evusheld to people with compromised immune systems who did not get a sufficient antibody boost from vaccines.
Zimbabwe's government says it will stop paying salaries of staff who are unvaccinated against COVID-19 and order those who have received jabs to report for work immediately.

Article 7 of 8
Title: Ontario to remove vaccine passport system on March 1, masking requirements to remain in place
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
Hospitalizations are decreasing (1,369 on Monday vs 1,540 on Sunday)
ICU patients are also decreasing (394 on Monday vs 402 on Sunday)
The province has reported 8 more deaths linked to COVID-19
The announcement of removing vaccine passports and easing restrictions may impact hospitalization rates in the coming days/weeks

Article 8 of 8
Title: Coronavirus: What's happening in Canada and around the world on Monday
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
The article provides an update on the COVID-19 situation in various provinces and territories across Canada, as well as globally.
Canada 
In Quebec, there are 68 people hospitalized with COVID-19, and 12 people in ICU.
Prince Edward Island reported 161 new lab-confirmed cases of COVID-19 on Monday, with eight people in hospital and no patients in ICU.
New Brunswick had two deaths linked to COVID-19 on Monday, with 112 patients in hospitals and 13 being treated in ICUs. The province will lift capacity limits for most businesses and increase private gathering limits starting Friday.
Newfoundland and Labrador reported four more deaths from COVID-19, with 23 people hospitalized and eight in ICU.
In the North, Yukon reported 37 new cases on Monday, while Nunavut reported 120 new cases. The Northwest Territories reported 335 new cases.
Global 
As of Monday afternoon, over 412.6 million cases of COVID-19 have been reported worldwide, with a global death toll of over 5.8 million.
South Korea will begin administering a fourth COVID-19 vaccine dose by the end of February and will supply millions of additional home test kits to ease shortages amid a surge in Omicron infections.
China has announced it will not renew passports for non-essential travel due to the ongoing international COVID-19 epidemic situation.
Hong Kong's leader, Carrie Lam, said the city is "overwhelmed" by the latest wave of infections, with daily cases surging 20 times over the past two weeks.
International Developments 
Kuwait has lifted many COVID-19 restrictions, including a ban on foreign travel.
Hundreds of vehicles drove along highways in Israel and Canada to protest against COVID-19 curbs in convoys inspired by demonstrations in Canada.
The Duchess of Cornwall has tested positive for COVID-19 four days after her husband, Prince Charles, was confirmed to be infected with the coronavirus.
Norway will scrap nearly all its remaining COVID-19 lockdown measures as high levels of coronavirus infections are unlikely to jeopardize health services.
Sweden is recommending a fourth COVID-19 vaccine dose to people over 80 and those living in nursing homes or getting home care.