Below are 7 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 7
Title: Ontario reports drop in COVID-19 hospitalizations and ICU occupancy
Publisher: CP24
Trusted: False
Posted: Today
Relevant article.
1,563 COVID-19 patients in hospitals (drop from 1,662 yesterday).
204 patients in intensive care (6 fewer than yesterday).
14,500 PCR tests processed (13.1% positivity rate).
2,164 new COVID-19 cases reported.
24 additional deaths added to the total of 12,962 fatalities.

Article 2 of 7
Title: CDC calls for masks in 36 New York counties with high Covid levels (updated list)
Publisher: syracuse.com
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
The article highlights:
The use of a COVID Community Levels map by the US CDC to track and recommend mask-wearing based on three factors: COVID hospitalizations, hospital capacity, and new COVID cases.
A list of 36 counties in New York state that are currently at high risk due to high COVID levels.
The importance of monitoring hospitalizations as a key factor in predicting COVID-19 spread and recommending masks.
Data on increased hospitalizations and deaths in the Syracuse area, which may be relevant for forecasting in Ontario, Canada.

Article 3 of 7
Title: Eating disorder hospitalizations up nearly 60 per cent among girls age 10-17
Publisher: Toronto.com
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
The first year of the pandemic saw an overall decline in hospitalizations and visits to emergency departments among Canadians aged 5-24.
However, there was a nearly 60% increase in hospitalizations for eating disorders among girls aged 10-17.
Hospitalizations for mental health reasons have increased since 2019, with 1 in 4 young people hospitalized having a mental health condition.
The proportion of hospital visits for mental health reasons has also increased, from 21% to 23%.
There was a notable increase in eating disorder admissions observed across the country since the onset of COVID-19, driven by social isolation, loss of extracurriculars, and pressure from social media.

Article 4 of 7
Title: COVID-19: updates for Canada’s universities — University Affairs
Publisher: University Affairs
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
Here is a summary of the article:
University Updates on Mask Mandates and Vaccine Requirements 
Several universities across Canada are lifting their mask mandates and proof of vaccination requirements, effective May 1.
+ Wilfrid Laurier University, University of Ottawa, and University of Guelph will no longer require masks or vaccines.
+ Carleton University has extended masking and vaccine requirements until at least the end of the Winter term.
In Quebec:
+ Concordia University and McGill University will continue to enforce mask mandates throughout the semester.
+ Université de Montréal has not yet decided on its policy.
Manitoba's two largest universities (University of Manitoba and University of Winnipeg) plan to lift vaccine requirements in the spring but will maintain masking policies.
Previous Updates 
Ontario:
+ The province's universities will maintain their mask mandate until at least the end of the semester, following the Council of Ontario Universities' announcement.
+ Albertan universities have lifted mask mandates, except for MacEwan University and the University of Alberta students are fighting to reinstate them.
+ Students at Simon Fraser University have launched a petition against the university's decision to drop its mask mandate.
Atlantic Canada:
+ Cape Breton University is dropping its face mask policy, but faculty members are concerned about the decision.
Other Updates 
After two years of virtual convocations, pandemic graduates from 2020, 2021, and 2022 will be able to attend in-person convocation at the University of Waterloo and Wilfrid Laurier University.
Brandon University plans to return to full campus operations for fall 2022.
Some universities (St. Thomas University, UPEI) are maintaining vaccine mandates despite lifting of restrictions.
The University of Manitoba is considering a return to campus in the summer term.
Staff at the University of Waterloo were placed on unpaid leave after refusing to get vaccinated against COVID-19.

Article 5 of 7
Title: COVID-19: Region reports death in Halton Hills
Publisher: miltonnow.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
Relevant values:
Total hospitalizations in Halton Region: 1,246
Total hospitalizations in Milton: 296
Total cases in Halton Region: 48,559
Total cases in Ontario: 1,265,690
COVID-19 vaccination numbers for different age groups and locations

Article 6 of 7
Title: COVID-19 tied to adverse maternal outcomes, preterm birth
Publisher: cidrap.umn.edu
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
Summary: 
7.8% of infected pregnant women in Ontario were hospitalized.
2.0% of infected pregnant women in Ontario were admitted to the ICU.
The relative risk of hospitalization and ICU admission was 2.65 and 5.46 times higher for pregnant women compared to non-pregnant women of childbearing age, respectively.
Obesity (24.3%), pre-existing high blood pressure (3.4%), and diabetes (2.6%) were common comorbidities among infected pregnant women in Ontario.

Article 7 of 7
Title: Quebec reports drop in COVID-19 hospitalizations, 3 new deaths
Publisher: CTV News Montreal
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
Summary: COVID-19 hospitalizations in Quebec decreased to 2,170 cases on Monday. ICU cases increased by 3 (totaling 78). New cases reported were 906 from PCR testing and 310 from rapid tests. These values may be indicative of trends in neighboring Ontario province, considering geographic similarities.