Below are 3 news articles from the past 7 days regarding COVID-19 Hospitalizations Ontario to help guide you in making your decision. Using your best judgement, take into consideration only the articles that are most relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Articles that are from know reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 3
Title: COVID trends were low to start June and kept dropping
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
TRUE. The article provides information on COVID-19 trends in Ottawa and surrounding areas, including: Low and dropping COVID-19 trends in Ottawa, with a stable wastewater level and decreasing hospitalizations (currently 2 patients, with no patients in ICU) Decreasing test positivity rate in Ottawa (from 10% to 4% in June) Low COVID-19 hospitalization counts in surrounding areas, including Eastern Ontario (7 hospitalizations, no patients in ICU) and Western Quebec (9 hospital patients, none in ICU) Vaccination rates in some areas, including Kingston (10% of population age 5 and older vaccinated in the last 6 months) and Hastings Prince Edward (9% vaccinated in the last 6 months) These values are important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, as they provide insight into the current state of the pandemic in the region, including the spread of the virus, hospitalization rates, and vaccination rates.

Article 2 of 3
Title: Wastewater sampling in Canada suggests COVID case rate 19 times higher than reported
Publisher: University of Minnesota Twin Cities
Trusted: True
Posted: 2 days ago
TRUE. The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary highlighting the most important values: The study found that wastewater sampling can provide a more accurate estimate of COVID-19 cases, especially when clinical testing capacity is overwhelmed or restricted. The correlation between wastewater SARS-CoV-2 load and COVID-19 cases was strongest 1 day after sampling, while the correlation with COVID-19 hospitalizations was strongest 4 days after sampling. At the peak of the Omicron wave, the estimated number of COVID-19 cases based on wastewater sampling was 6.5 to 18.7 times higher than reported cases. The study suggests that wastewater surveillance can provide crucial data beyond clinical testing, especially when testing eligibility changes or capacity is overwhelmed. These findings can be useful for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, as they provide insight into the relationship between wastewater SARS-CoV-2 load and COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations, and highlight the potential for wastewater surveillance to provide a more accurate picture of community transmission.

Article 3 of 3
Title: June 24, 2023 coronavirus update for Oakville
Publisher: Oakville News
Trusted: False
Posted: 7 days ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary of the article, highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: Oakville's rate of new active cases remains steady, but Halton's new cases are down by 25% compared to last week. Hospital admissions are down from last week, with 3 people hospitalized in Halton (down from 6 last week). No new deaths were reported in Halton or Oakville. Vaccination rates in Halton are low, with only 8% of eligible residents up to date on their booster shots. Ontario is no longer providing regular updates on COVID-19 data, but as of April 15, 2023, there were 812 people in hospital with COVID-19 and 80 people in ICU. Canada has had 4.56 million cumulative cases of COVID-19, with 2,504 people currently in hospital and 50,526 deaths to date. These values suggest a decline in COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations in Halton and Ontario, but also highlight the importance of vaccination in preventing the spread of the disease. The low vaccination rates in Halton may indicate a potential risk for increased transmission and hospitalizations in the future.