Below is 1 news article from the past 7 days regarding COVID-19 Hospitalizations Ontario to help guide you in making your decision. Using your best judgement, take into consideration only the articles that are most relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Articles that are from know reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 1
Title: Hospitalized With, or Hospitalized For?
Publisher: AIER - Daily Economy News
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. The article highlights the issue of inaccurate data on COVID-19 hospitalizations and deaths, particularly in the early stages of the pandemic. It mentions that hospitals had a financial incentive to exaggerate the number of COVID hospitalizations and deaths due to a 20% increase in Medicare reimbursement rates for patients with a COVID-19 diagnostic code. This led to cases being misclassified as COVID-19, including gunshot victims, injuries, and other non-COVID related conditions. The article also mentions that some areas, including Ontario, began tracking the difference between patients hospitalized "for" COVID-19 and those hospitalized "with" COVID-19. According to the article, in Ontario, 54% of COVID patients were hospitalized "for" COVID-19, while the remainder were hospitalized for other reasons and incidentally found to be infected. This information is important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, as it suggests that the actual number of hospitalizations due to COVID-19 may be lower than reported. Therefore, any forecasting model should take into account the potential for misclassification and overcounting of COVID-19 hospitalizations. Key values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario: 54% of COVID patients in Ontario were hospitalized "for" COVID-19 Potential for misclassification and overcounting of COVID-19 hospitalizations due to financial incentives and lack of accurate data.