Below are 6 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 6
Title: Kingston hospitals prepare for influx of patients as respiratory illness levels climb
Publisher: Kingstonist
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
A summary of values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Current hospitalization numbers:
+ 17 cases of COVID-19 currently hospitalized in KFL&A
+ 6 active cases of RSV currently hospitalized (3 new this week)
Rising cases and positivity rates:
+ Per cent positivity for COVID-19: 14% (similar to last week)
+ Influenza: 3.1% (increasing since last week)
+ RSV: 6.1% (decreasing since last week)
Wastewater indicators showing COVID-19 at "very high levels" (decreasing since last week)

Article 2 of 6
Title: Significant number of kids in hospital as respiratory illnesses rise
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
The article indicates rising COVID-19 rates (stable or rising) and high RSV activity across Eastern Ontario. This suggests an increased risk of hospitalizations due to respiratory illnesses. Key values include:
High COVID-19 rates (most remain very high)
Rising influenza rates
High RSV activity, especially among young children
Hospitals are full with a significant number of patients waiting for in-patient beds

Article 3 of 6
Title: Flu signals rising in Ottawa to match high COVID, RSV trends
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
Average number of Ottawa residents in local hospitals for COVID-19 has fallen slightly to 71, with 4 patients in ICU.
Wastewater levels are still rising to their highest point since mid-January 2023, indicating high transmission rates.
Flu activity is also high and RSV trends are moderate and dropping.
There were 44 new hospitalizations reported in the previous week, which OPH considers a high number of new hospitalizations.

Article 4 of 6
Title: COVID-19 hospitalizations higher than last December, MOH warns
Publisher: CTV News Ottawa
Trusted: False
Posted: 4 days ago
High community transmission of COVID-19 in Ottawa with 79 average daily hospitalizations (Nov 21-27). Hospitalizations higher than last year's average (27). Older adults ( 60) remain the most vulnerable population with waning immunity.

Article 5 of 6
Title: COVID-19 and flu set to peak over holiday season in Ontario, Moore urges vaccinations
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
COVID-19 activity in Ontario is on the rise, with 1,700 people in hospital and 100 requiring intensive care last week. The risk of hospitalization due to COVID-19 and influenza is associated with age, particularly for those over 65 who are not protected by vaccination (60% of eligible adults).

Article 6 of 6
Title: Eating disorder hospitalizations for young men surged 416% in nearly 2 decades: report - National
Publisher: Global News
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
The article is somewhat relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. However, the key takeaway that can be used for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada is:
The study found a 416% increase in eating disorder hospitalizations among young males over 17 years in Ontario.
This information could potentially influence the overall hospitalization rates and demographics of patients being forecasted.
However, this article primarily focuses on eating disorders, which are not directly related to forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations.