Below are 4 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 4
Title: Ottawa reaches grim milestone with 1,000th COVID death
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
A relevant article for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: 
Wastewater data shows high levels of COVID-19 in Ottawa and Kingston.
COVID-19 test positivity rate is very high (18%) in Ottawa.
There are 29 active COVID outbreaks in Ottawa.
Number of COVID-19 hospital patients is down to 26, but ICU number is stable at four.
Eastern Ontario communities outside Ottawa report about 45 COVID-19 hospitalizations with eight patients in intensive care.

Article 2 of 4
Title: Canada's flu season is winding down, data shows, but it may be the calm before a COVID storm
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
A steady drop in influenza cases, but a potential spike in COVID-19 hospitalizations ahead due to an uptick in SARS-CoV-2 tests coming back positive and the spread of highly transmissible Omicron subvariant XBB.1.5.
Key values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Steady drop in influenza cases
Uptick in SARS-CoV-2 tests coming back positive
Spread of highly transmissible Omicron subvariant XBB.1.5

Article 3 of 4
Title: COVID-19 vaccination rates lower in Windsor-Essex compared to Ontario average
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
Key values for forecasting:
Low booster vaccine uptake (47.6% third dose, 19.9% fourth dose) in Windsor-Essex
Increasing disease activity in January compared to December, including:
+ Increase in number of cases
+ Rise in percentage of positive cases
+ Increase in hospitalizations
+ Six reported deaths
Presence of a highly contagious subvariant (XBB.1.5 or "Kraken") in the US and potential presence in Windsor-Essex
Border community location, which may increase risk of variant introduction

Article 4 of 4
Title: Why XBB.1.5 — the latest Omicron offshoot — could 'outcompete' other COVID-19 subvariants
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: 6 days ago
Key values:
XBB.1.5 has been detected in 21 cases in Canada (with a slightly higher number not yet reported) and is spreading rapidly.
The variant is present in BC (12 cases), and mostly sampled from Ontario (24 genomes classified as XBB.1.5).
PHAC is aware of the spread but notes it's too early to tell if the variant is growing in Canada.
Experts expect XBB.1.5 will eventually outcompete BA.5-derived lineages, although there may be other variants that grow in frequency as well.
The variant could lead to an increase in infections and hospitalizations due to its ability to escape immunity.
Updated vaccines are expected to hold up against XBB.1.5, but the variant could compromise vaccine efficacy and cause breakthrough infections or re-infections.