Below is 1 news article from the past 7 days regarding COVID-19 Hospitalizations Ontario to help guide you in making your decision. Using your best judgement, take into consideration only the articles that are most relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Articles that are from know reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 1
Title: Doctor who's CNN and WaPo medical expert admits number of COVID deaths have been OVERCOUNTED
Publisher: Daily Mail
Trusted: False
Posted: 6 days ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. The article highlights the issue of overcounting COVID-19 deaths and hospitalizations, citing experts who claim that many patients diagnosed with COVID-19 are actually in the hospital for other illnesses. According to Dr. Leana Wen, the number of deaths attributed to COVID-19 may be greater than the number of people actually dying from the virus. Specifically, the article mentions that: 90% of patients diagnosed with COVID-19 at Emory Decatur Hospital are actually in the hospital for some other illness. Only about 30% of total hospitalizations with COVID-19 in Massachusetts hospitals were primarily attributed to the virus. On some days, the proportion of those hospitalized because of COVID-19 was as low as 10% of the total number reported. These values are important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, as they suggest that the actual number of hospitalizations due to COVID-19 may be lower than reported. This information can help inform models and predictions of COVID-19 hospitalizations, taking into account the potential for overcounting. However, it's worth noting that the article is focused on the United States, and the specific data and statistics mentioned may not be directly applicable to Ontario, Canada. Nonetheless, the article raises important questions about the accuracy of COVID-19 reporting and the need for nuanced understanding of the data.