Below are 5 news articles from the past 7 days regarding COVID-19 Hospitalizations Ontario to help guide you in making your decision. Using your best judgement, take into consideration only the articles that are most relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Articles that are from know reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 5
Title: Respiratory risk remains high as October ends
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
TRUE. The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting: Ottawa's COVID-19 numbers are mostly stable, with moderate to very high trends. The average number of Ottawa residents in local hospitals for COVID-19 is stable at 45, with no patients in an ICU. The city's weekly average test positivity rate is about 17 per cent, which is considered high. There are 35 active COVID outbreaks, up from 23 last week, with most outbreaks in retirement homes or hospitals. The Kingston area has a very high 26 active COVID-19 patients in its hospitals. Hospitalizations in other areas, such as Leeds, Grenville and Lanark (LGL) counties, Eastern Ontario Health Unit (EOHU), and Hastings Prince Edward (HPE) Public Health, are also reported, with some areas experiencing increases or decreases in hospitalizations. These values can be used to inform forecasting models and predict future COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.

Article 2 of 5
Title: Why it's 'especially important' for older Canadians to get COVID-19 booster
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Summary: COVID-19 hospitalizations are increasing across Canada, with a high risk to seniors, particularly those over 80 years old. The dominant strain in Canada is the XBB.1.5 Omicron subvariant. Two reformulated COVID-19 vaccines (Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna) are available to help fight this strain. Vaccine fatigue is a concern, with only 22% of people 5 years and older having received a bivalent booster dose. The expert, Dr. Isaac Bogoch, emphasizes the importance of staying up-to-date with booster coverage, especially for vulnerable populations. Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: Increasing hospitalizations across Canada High risk to seniors, particularly those over 80 years old Dominant strain (XBB.1.5 Omicron subvariant) Low vaccine uptake (only 22% of people 5 years and older have received a bivalent booster dose) Emphasis on vaccinating vulnerable populations to reduce the risk of severe infection.

Article 3 of 5
Title: Elderly Canadians remain at higher risk of serious COVID from first infections, study suggests
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 5 days ago
TRUE. The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary, highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: More than 40% of seniors aged 80 and older in British Columbia's Lower Mainland have never been infected by COVID-19, putting them at higher risk for hospitalization and death. Seniors aged 80 and older have the highest risk of severe outcomes from COVID-19, with an estimated one death for every 80 newly infected seniors. Vaccination campaigns should prioritize seniors, especially those 80 and older, to encourage uptake of updated COVID shots. Experts recommend that seniors take basic precautions, such as getting vaccinated, wearing a mask, and socializing in smaller groups, to reduce their risk of severe illness from COVID-19. Managing underlying health conditions, such as diabetes, high blood pressure, or COPD, is also important to reduce the risk of severe illness from COVID-19. These values are important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, as they highlight the need to prioritize vaccination efforts for seniors and encourage them to take precautions to reduce their risk of severe illness.

Article 4 of 5
Title: Ontario offers flu shots, COVID-19 vaccines for all over six months as of Monday
Publisher: CP24
Trusted: False
Posted: 6 days ago
TRUE. The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting: The Ontario government is rolling out a free COVID-19 vaccine and flu shot program for residents six months and older, starting on Monday. The new COVID-19 vaccines from Pfizer and Moderna are designed to target the XBB COVID-19 variant. The vaccines will be available at local pharmacies, public health units, and primary health care providers across the province. The province's chief medical officer of health, Dr. Kieran Moore, is encouraging residents to get vaccinated, especially those who are elderly, immunocompromised, or have medical conditions that make them susceptible to harm from respiratory illnesses. The expected co-circulation of influenza, COVID-19, and RSV over the fall and winter may lead to an increase in hospitalizations. Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: Vaccination rates among the population, especially among high-risk groups (elderly, immunocompromised, etc.) Effectiveness of the new COVID-19 vaccines against the XBB variant Uptake of the vaccine program among the population Co-circulation of other respiratory illnesses (influenza, RSV) and their impact on hospitalizations.

Article 5 of 5
Title: October 28, 2023 coronavirus update for Oakville
Publisher: Oakville News
Trusted: False
Posted: 7 days ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary of the article, highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: Oakville's number of newly reported COVID-19 cases per day has nearly doubled since last week, from 7 cases per day to 14. Five new institutional outbreaks have opened in the last two weeks, mainly focused on seniors care in Halton. Testing positivity in Halton is down slightly but still above 13%, meaning 1 in 8 local tests are currently coming back positive. Four more patients have been admitted to hospital. The number of Halton residents with a full series of immunization has started to go up again, with the total local percentage of those fully vaccinated increasing to 7%. The latest Omicron subvariants EG.5 and XBB are now present and infecting cases in southern Ontario and across Canada. Active cases Canada-wide have surpassed 600,000 people, with national hospitalizations and deaths still increasing nationwide at concerning rates. Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: 14.1 new COVID-19 cases per day in Halton (almost double last week's reported 7.3 daily cases) 13.1% of locally administered COVID-19 tests are coming back positive 11 people are being treated in hospital with COVID-19 (4 more than last week) 602,800 active cases in Canada (+3,400 this week) 3,502 people are currently in hospital (+2 this week) 51,285 deaths to date (+74 this week) These values suggest an increasing trend in COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, which is concerning for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations.