Below are 4 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 4
Title: July 22, 2023 coronavirus update for Oakville
Publisher: Oakville News
Trusted: False
Posted: Today
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary of the article, highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: In Halton, new cases and hospitalizations have increased for the second week in a row, reversing the downward trend seen in May and June. There has been one new death in Burlington, connected to an outbreak at a retirement home, breaking the region's six-week streak without any COVID-19-related deaths. Only 6% of Halton residents have a full series of immunization, and among those 50 and under, only 2.5% are fully immunized. Ontario has reported 1.60 million cases and 16,404 deaths to date, with 812 people currently in hospital with COVID-19. 89.85% of all eligible Ontarians have at least one dose of the vaccine. The National Advisory Committee on Immunization (NACI) is recommending all eligible Canadians get another COVID-19 booster shot this fall. These values suggest that COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario may increase due to the rising cases and hospitalizations in Halton, as well as the low vaccination rates in the region. The recommendation for another booster shot this fall may also impact hospitalization rates in the coming months.

Article 2 of 4
Title: COVID-19 rapid antigen tests available from health unit
Publisher: OrilliaMatters
Trusted: False
Posted: 1 day ago
The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary, highlighting values most important for forecasting: The province has stopped distributing free rapid antigen tests through retailers and pharmacies due to lower transmission rates, but they are now available through health units. The Simcoe-Muskoka region has experienced a decrease in reported confirmed COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations, and deaths, with a consistently "lower (caution)" community risk level. The health unit has adjusted its reporting frequency from weekly to monthly due to lower COVID-19 rates. The COVID-19 community risk level has been taken down for the summer months and will resume in the fall when COVID-19 activity is expected to increase. Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: Decrease in reported confirmed COVID-19 cases Decline in COVID-19 related hospitalizations and deaths Community risk level remaining at "lower (caution)" level Expected increase in COVID-19 activity in the fall These values suggest a current downward trend in COVID-19 activity, but also anticipate an increase in the fall, which can inform forecasting models for COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.

Article 3 of 4
Title: Calm COVID summer marches on
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary of the article, highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: Ottawa's COVID-19 trends are low and stable, with no high trends reported since the end of May. The average number of Ottawa residents in local hospitals for COVID-19 in the last week is 5, with no patients in an ICU. The city's weekly average test positivity rate is about 6%, which is considered low. There are 5 active COVID outbreaks in Ottawa, which is also considered low. The health unit reported 58 more COVID cases in the last week and 3 more COVID deaths, all of which were individuals aged 80 and above. Wastewater data shows a decline in coronavirus levels since the end of May to levels not seen since late 2021. Eastern Ontario communities outside Ottawa report 8 COVID-19 hospitalizations, with 2 patients in intensive care. Western Quebec has a stable 9 hospital patients with COVID, with none in intensive care. These values suggest that COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada are currently low and stable, with a decline in cases and hospitalizations in recent weeks. However, the article also notes that risks remain, and experts recommend continued caution, such as staying home when sick and wearing masks in public.

Article 4 of 4
Title: WHO adds Omicron EG.5 to variant monitoring as global COVID markers decline further
Publisher: University of Minnesota Twin Cities
Trusted: True
Posted: 2 days ago
The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary of the key points: The World Health Organization (WHO) has added EG.5 to the list of Omicron variants under monitoring (VUM), which has been rising in global prevalence since the end of May. The US is one of the countries seeing rising EG.5 proportions, with 13% of samples as of July 8. There is no evidence that EG.5 is fueling any rises in cases or deaths or that infections involving the virus are more severe. Globally, COVID-19 cases and deaths continue to decline, but hospitalizations and deaths are more accurate indicators of COVID-19 activity. Only one country, Malta, reported an increase of 20% or more in hospitalizations over the past 28 days, and no countries reported an increase of 20% or more in ICU admissions. The Western Pacific region reported a rise in deaths over the last 28 days, mainly due to an increase in Australia. Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: The rise of EG.5 variant and its potential impact on hospitalizations and deaths. The global decline in COVID-19 cases and deaths, but the need to maintain vigilance and not dismantle systems built for COVID-19. The importance of hospitalizations and deaths as more accurate indicators of COVID-19 activity. Note: The article does not provide specific data on Ontario, Canada, but the global trends and WHO's monitoring of variants can inform forecasting of COVID-19 hospitalizations in the region.