Below are 2 news articles from the past 7 days to help guide you in making your decision. Articles that are from known reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 2
Title: COVID cases down even as vaccine uptake wanes, says Hamilton public health
Publisher: CBC.ca
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary of the article, highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: Reported COVID-19 cases are decreasing in Hamilton, Ontario. Hospitalizations and intensive care unit (ICU) admissions remain stable. Emergency rooms in Hamilton are operating above capacity, with acute care statistics showing Hamilton Health Sciences (HHS) and McMaster Children's Hospital above 100% capacity every week since the beginning of February. As of Wednesday, there are 67 patients at HHS with COVID-19 and "less than" five in intensive care. Less than 20% of Hamiltonians have had a booster dose in the last six months, despite public health recommendations to stay up-to-date with boosters. The uptake of booster doses is slowly declining in Hamilton. Public health recommends that people who may be eligible for medicines that treat COVID-19 and influenza make a plan to access those treatments if they get sick. Experts still recommend wearing a mask in crowded indoor settings and when unable to physically distance to protect oneself from COVID-19. These values are important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, as they provide insight into the current trend of COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations, and ICU admissions in Hamilton, as well as the vaccination and booster uptake rates in the region. Additionally, the article highlights the importance of continued public health measures, such as masking and staying home when sick, to protect vulnerable populations and prevent the spread of COVID-19.

Article 2 of 2
Title: Why Canada avoided a severe winter COVID wave
Publisher: CBC News
Trusted: False
Posted: 7 days ago
The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. The article highlights several key points that are important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: 1. Hybrid immunity from vaccination and prior infection is holding up against hospitalizations and deaths, and will likely continue to help control the severity of COVID-19 in Canada. 2. More than 76% of Canadian adults and close to 90% of young adults (aged 17 to 24) are estimated to have previously had the disease, which contributes to stronger immune protection against the virus. 3. Vaccination is still the preferred route of acquiring immunity, due to the strong protection it provides against severe illness and the ongoing risk of COVID complications in vulnerable groups. 4. Research has consistently shown that hybrid protection from vaccination and infection is superior to immunity from prior infection alone. 5. The current trend suggests that Canada may not see any major waves of COVID-19 in the coming months, according to Canada's chief public health officer, Dr. Theresa Tam. These points suggest that the number of COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada is likely to remain relatively stable, with a reduced risk of severe illness and death due to the high levels of hybrid immunity in the population. However, it is still important to continue monitoring the situation and adjusting forecasting models as new data becomes available.