Below are 3 news articles from the past 7 days regarding COVID-19 Hospitalizations Ontario to help guide you in making your decision. Using your best judgement, take into consideration only the articles that are most relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Articles that are from know reputable sources have been flagged with "Trusted: True".

Article 1 of 3
Title: Ontario rolling out flu, COVID 19 shots, first to high priority groups
Publisher: Global News Toronto
Trusted: False
Posted: 2 days ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary of the article, highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: Public Health Ontario data shows levels of COVID-19 rising since mid-summer, though at much lower levels than at this time last year. The province is planning to roll out new COVID-19 vaccines, including Moderna's new vaccine formulated for the XBB.1.5 lineage of the Omicron variant, which is expected to be available later this month. The vaccine will be prioritized for at-risk people, including those over 65 years of age, long-term care residents and staff, and people with underlying medical illnesses. The province is also planning to allow pharmacists to administer more vaccines, including flu shots and RSV vaccines, and to prescribe flu medication. The Ministry of Health is expecting a longer flu season this year, with a mix of Influenza A H1N1 and Influenza B, which may extend into March. The Ontario College of Pharmacists is proposing new regulations to expand the scope of practice for pharmacists, including allowing them to prescribe Tamiflu and administer RSV vaccines. Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada include: The expected timing and severity of the flu season The availability and distribution of new COVID-19 vaccines The prioritization of vaccines for at-risk populations The expansion of pharmacists' scope of practice to administer more vaccines and prescribe flu medication The expected impact of relaxed community-based public health measures, such as masking, on the spread of respiratory viruses.

Article 2 of 3
Title: New COVID-19 plan set to be unveiled by Ontario Chief Medical Officer this week
Publisher: CP24
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
This article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary of the article, highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: The Ontario government is set to release a "COVID-19 Fall Preparedness Plan" in response to an uptick in infections in the province. COVID-19 indicators have dropped to historically low levels in Ontario and Canada, but health officials warn that infections and hospitalizations have been on the rise in recent months. The current positivity rate in Ontario is 12%, with 14,000 tests completed in the last week and 1,500 cases reported in the week prior. The Public Health Agency of Canada (PHAC) is urging residents to get a COVID-19 immunization or booster dose ahead of the fall and winter months to increase protection against the virus and avoid strain on the healthcare system. Health Canada has approved the use of Moderna's latest vaccine, which targets the Omicron subvariant XBB.1.5 and its predecessors, for all Canadians over the age of six months. The values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada are: Positivity rate (12%) Number of tests completed (14,000) Number of cases reported (1,500) Vaccine uptake and availability (Moderna's latest vaccine approved for all Canadians over six months) Seasonal factors (respiratory infection season approaching) These values can be used to inform forecasting models and predict potential increases in COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.

Article 3 of 3
Title: What you should know about Omicron subvariants EG.5 and BA.2.86
Publisher: CTV News
Trusted: False
Posted: 3 days ago
TRUE. The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Here is a brief summary of the key points: COVID-19 infection and hospitalization numbers are rising in Canada as summer ends, partly due to new Omicron subvariants. The Omicron subvariant EG.5 is currently dominant in Canada, accounting for an estimated 34% of sequenced COVID-19 infections as of September 3. The BA.2.86 subvariant has been detected in Canada, but its transmissibility and severity are not yet well understood. The World Health Organization has assessed EG.5 as having moderate transmissibility, moderate vaccine resistance, and low symptom severity. The updated Moderna vaccine, Spikevax XBB.1.5, is expected to work well against EG.5 and BA.2.86. Health officials are monitoring the situation closely, but there is some cause for relief as the new variants do not appear to be more severe or virulent than previous ones. Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: Estimated dominance of EG.5 subvariant (34% as of September 3) Transmissibility and severity of BA.2.86 subvariant (not yet well understood) Effectiveness of updated Moderna vaccine against EG.5 and BA.2.86 Monitoring of the situation by health officials and potential for changes in the variants' behavior.