Below are 4 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 4
Title: No COVID-19 patients currently hospitalized at UHN for the first time in months
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 1 day ago
Relevant.
The article reports that Toronto's University Health Network (UHN) has no admitted COVID-19 cases in its hospitals, and ICU admissions and ventilator usage are dropping across Ontario. This indicates a gradual decline of cases and an increase in recoveries, which is good news for the province during the pandemic.

Article 2 of 4
Title: Canada Says US Border to Remain Closed to Nonessential Travel
Publisher: VOA Asia
Posted: 1 day ago
No specific data on Ontario's COVID-19 situation.
However, global trends and expert opinions are mentioned:
+ The U.S. has a high number of cases and deaths.
+ Experts warn that the virus could be as or even deadlier than the 1918 flu pandemic if not contained.
+ World Health Organization Director-General emphasizes the importance of testing, isolating, treating patients, and tracing contacts to control the outbreak.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: None directly mentioned.

Article 3 of 4
Title: 'Collateral damage': Doctors worry patients diagnosed with more advanced cancers because of delays
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
Delayed cancer diagnoses due to pandemic-related appointment cancellations.
Estimated 20-50% drop in cancer surgeries.
Patients presenting with larger tumors, requiring more emergency surgery.
Studies suggest thousands of people will die from cancer due to delays.
Urgent policy interventions needed to manage backlog and mitigate impact on patients with cancer.

Article 4 of 4
Title: COVID-19 cases rise in Maple Leafs Foods plant in Brandon, Man.
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 5 days ago
Relevant.
Summary: 
- 22 COVID-19 cases among employees at a food processing company in Manitoba (not Ontario).
- Officials say workers likely contracted virus outside of facility.
- Growing concern about community spread, with 64 positive cases in Brandon and maxed-out testing facilities.
- No direct relevance to forecasting hospitalizations in Ontario.