Below are 5 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 5
Title: COVID-19 on P.E.I.: What's happening Friday, Sept. 4
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 1 day ago
Summary: FALSE (no information about Ontario)

Article 2 of 5
Title: Nearly 1,000 flights in Canada have carried COVID-positive passengers since February
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 2 days ago
The article mentions the 14-day quarantine period for international travellers arriving in Canada.
A pilot project is being conducted to test the effectiveness of Day One and Day Seven testing instead of a 14-day quarantine.
This could potentially reduce the number of cases that would otherwise be quarantined for 14 days, which may impact hospitalization rates.
The article does not provide specific data on COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, but it highlights the importance of considering travel-related factors when forecasting hospitalizations.

Article 3 of 5
Title: New Canadian app working to 'cut through the information clutter' of COVID-19
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 3 days ago
The app COVID KE uses artificial intelligence and collective insights of health-care professionals to deliver the most relevant findings and advice on COVID-19.
It sources trusted peer-reviewed medical articles from journals such as The Lancet and New England Journal of Medicine.
The app provides confidence ratings and commentary from doctors to help users determine which articles are the most helpful for them.
This information can be useful in understanding the current state of knowledge on COVID-19, but it does not directly provide values most important for forecasting hospitalizations.

Article 4 of 5
Title: Canada's top doctor: 'consider using a mask' during sexual activity
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 3 days ago
Summary:  Average number of new cases per day in Canada over the past 7 days: 490
Percentage of people who have recovered from COVID-19 in Canada: 88.5% (of 129,425 cases)

Article 5 of 5
Title: Steroids confirmed to help severely ill coronavirus patients
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 3 days ago
Steroids reduce COVID-19 mortality by 1/3, especially among severely ill patients needing oxygen. Dexamethasone (35% reduction) and hydrocortisone are effective. Steroid treatment is recommended for severe cases, but not for less sick patients.