Below are 5 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 5
Title: Woman in her 30s among 12 COVID-19 deaths, as Manitoba reports 244 new cases
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Total hospitalizations: 346 (down slightly)
Number of people in intensive care: 41
Five-day test positivity rate: 10.6% in Winnipeg and Manitoba as a whole
New cases reported: 244
Active cases: 4,489 (inflated due to data entry backlog)

Article 2 of 5
Title: Ford orders lockdown for all of Ontario starting Boxing Day
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 4 days ago
It seems like you're sharing an article about the COVID-19 pandemic in Ontario, Canada. Here are some key points from the article:
The Ontario government has announced a lockdown starting December 26, but it will take effect five days later.
The longer shutdown is expected to be more effective in reducing the spread of the virus.
Hospitals in hard-hit regions are warning of unsustainable pressures on front-line staff and rippling effects throughout the health-care system.
The Ontario Hospital Association (OHA) is disappointed that the lockdown won't take effect sooner, saying it sends a confusing message about what residents should do during this critical moment.
There have been over 2,000 new cases reported in Ontario for seven consecutive days, with 19,019 active cases and 4,167 deaths.
Public health officials are reporting rising admissions of patients with COVID-19, forcing some hospitals to postpone or cancel unrelated procedures.
The strain on hospitals is unsustainable, and a potential surge following the holiday season will only make things worse.
The Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario (ETFO) is urging the government to consider tightened restrictions on elementary schools when they reopen.
Some questions that come to mind based on this article are:
What specific measures will be taken to prevent COVID-19 transmission in elementary schools when they reopen?
How will the government ensure that hospitals have sufficient resources and staff to handle the surge in cases?
Will there be any additional support or funding provided for educators, students, and their families during this challenging time?
Let me know if you'd like me to help with anything else!

Article 3 of 5
Title: Ontario lockdown: Canadian province to shut down the day after Christmas
Publisher: CNN
Posted: 5 days ago
Hospitalizations have increased by 74% in the last four weeks.
ICU admissions for virus-related complications have more than doubled in the same time period.
The health system is nearing capacity concerns due to elective surgeries backlog.

Article 4 of 5
Title: Alberta doctor on rising COVID-19 hospitalizations: ‘We’ll not be able to treat all patients’
Publisher: Global News
Posted: 5 days ago
Relevant.
Summary: The article reports on rising COVID-19 hospitalizations in Alberta, Canada, which has led to the opening of a fourth COVID ward and staff from other departments being redeployed to help treat patients. Key values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada include:
Number of people hospitalized with COVID-19 (795)
ICU capacity utilization (85% in Edmonton, 83% in Calgary)
Total ICU beds available (137 in Edmonton, 96 in Calgary)

Article 5 of 5
Title: COVID-19 vaccines are an 'astonishing' feat, but they won't end pandemic overnight
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 7 days ago
The number of COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations in Canada has never been worse.
Ontario has hit a trend of more than 2,000 cases per day for the first time.
Quebec has almost 1,000 COVID-19 patients in hospital.
Deaths haven't been this high since May.
Vaccines are expected to arrive soon, but it may be many months before their impact is felt.
It's estimated that about 20 million Canadians need to be vaccinated to slow down the spread of the virus.