Below are 5 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 5
Title: 'We're sitting ducks': School bus drivers uneasy about returning to work amid COVID-19
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
Key values:
Number of students allowed on buses in Ontario (up to 70)
Guidelines for physical distancing and cohorting on buses
Plans for cleaning buses between routes
Age of school bus drivers (60% are over 60, considered vulnerable)

Article 2 of 5
Title: Many parents nervous about return of school, plan to send kids anyway: survey
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 4 days ago
Relevant.
The article reports on a survey of Canadian parents' attitudes towards reopening schools during the COVID-19 pandemic. Key findings include:
66% of respondents planned to send their kids back to school despite being worried about COVID-19.
69% would cancel classes if there's a significant increase in COVID-19 cases in their community.
76% supported requiring students to wear masks, and 84% supported requiring teachers and staff to do so.
Parents were divided on what to do if a student or teacher tested positive for COVID-19.

Article 3 of 5
Title: COVID-19 could break Ontario's mental health system, psychologists have a solution
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 5 days ago
Relevant.
The article highlights that:
There's a growing need for mental health services in Ontario due to COVID-19 (no specific hospitalization data).
Psychologists are not integrated into the public health insurance system, making it difficult for them to provide services.
The current system relies on primary care providers who don't have the time or training to provide psychotherapy.
There's a shortage of mental health services, with some psychologists offering free sessions and a long wait list for psychiatry services (6 months).

Article 4 of 5
Title: New York City Recovery Index: Week of August 10
Publisher: Investopedia
Posted: 5 days ago
The article reports on declining COVID-19 hospitalizations in New York City.
This is a hopeful trend, but not directly relevant to forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.
However, the article does provide context on how economic and social factors can impact public health outcomes.

Article 5 of 5
Title: Coronavirus: What's happening around the world on Aug. 16
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 6 days ago
Total confirmed cases in Canada: 122,087
Number of new cases reported in Ontario on Sunday: 81
Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation anticipating an uptick in COVID-19 cases in the coming months, resulting in around 300,000 total deaths by December, and a nearly 75% increase in hospitalizations.