Below are 5 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 5
Title: Woman may have caught coronavirus in airplane toilet, researchers say
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 2 days ago
The study highlights the potential for asymptomatic transmission of COVID-19 on a flight.
A 28-year-old woman developed symptoms and was hospitalized after being on a flight from Italy to South Korea with 300 other passengers.
The woman wore an N95 mask except when using the toilet, where she came into contact with an asymptomatic patient.
This study suggests that even with precautions in place, such as social distancing and mask-wearing, transmission can still occur.
The article provides evidence of COVID-19 transmission on a flight, which is relevant for forecasting hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.

Article 2 of 5
Title: Back-to-school shopping amid COVID-19: What you need for September
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 3 days ago
Key values:
Mask requirements by age group (Grade 4 to Grade 12 required, kindergarten to Grade 3 encouraged)
Potential for increased hospitalizations due to mask-related issues (e.g. wet or soiled masks, irritation from poor fit)

Article 3 of 5
Title: COVID-19 on P.E.I.: What's happening Tuesday, Aug. 25
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 4 days ago
The article reports that P.E.I. has had 44 cases of COVID-19, with no deaths or hospitalizations. This information is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada, as it provides context on the overall situation in another Canadian province.

Article 4 of 5
Title: Pulmonary Thrombosis or Embolism in a Large Cohort of Hospitalized Patients With Covid-19
Publisher: Frontiers
Posted: 5 days ago
The provided text appears to be a list of references related to the topic of pulmonary embolism and COVID-19, with a focus on the relationship between the two conditions. The references are in the format of a bibliography, with each entry including a citation number, author names, journal title, year of publication, volume and page numbers (if applicable), and a digital object identifier (DOI) for online articles.
Some of the references appear to be original research articles, while others may be case reports or reviews. The topics covered include:
1. Pulmonary embolism in patients with COVID-19 pneumonia (references 28 and 29)
2. Concomitant acute aortic thrombosis and pulmonary embolism complicating COVID-19 pneumonia (reference 29)
3. Pulmonary embolism in a young pregnant woman with COVID-19 (reference 30)
4. A new CT index to quantify arterial obstruction in pulmonary embolism (reference 31)
5. Nonlinear imputation of PaO2/FIO2 from SpO2/FIO2 among mechanically ventilated patients in the ICU (references 32 and 33)
6. Prevalence of venous thromboembolism in patients with severe novel coronavirus pneumonia (reference 35)
7. Pulmonary arterial thrombosis in COVID-19 with fatal outcome (reference 40)
8. Attention should be paid to venous thromboembolism prophylaxis in the management of COVID-19 (reference 41)
9. Pathological evidence of pulmonary thrombotic phenomena in severe COVID-19 (reference 42)
The references suggest that there is a significant association between COVID-19 and pulmonary embolism, with several studies reporting cases of pulmonary embolism in patients with COVID-19 pneumonia or other complications related to the virus.
To provide a more detailed analysis, I would need to examine each reference individually. However, based on the provided information, it appears that there is a growing body of research highlighting the importance of considering venous thromboembolism prophylaxis in the management of COVID-19 patients.

Article 5 of 5
Title: Hamilton's low income and racialized neighbourhoods have higher COVID-19 rates: study
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 6 days ago
Key values:
Neighbourhoods with more low-income residents and people of colour have almost twice the rate of COVID-19 compared to neighbourhoods with the fewest low-income residents and people of colour.
The average COVID-19 rate in Hamilton is 136 cases per 100,000 people.
Ontario-wide data show similar trends: lower income and racialization status are associated with higher rates of COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations, ICU admissions, and mortality rates.