Below are 6 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 6
Title: Black people and other people of colour make up 83% of reported COVID-19 cases in Toronto
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: Today
People of colour make up 71% of those hospitalized with COVID-19 in Toronto. This figure is based on a relatively small number of hospitalizations, but it highlights the disproportionate impact of COVID-19 on marginalized communities.

Article 2 of 6
Title: COVID-19 exposure notification app now available
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 1 day ago
Key values:
Number of downloads and adoption rate
Proximity interactions (Bluetooth signals) between users with and without the app
Timeframe of 14 days to notify contacts
Anonymized data on proximity interactions
Public health agency distribution of unique codes to positive cases

Article 3 of 6
Title: Alberta COVID-19 patients spend more than 10 days in hospital, on average, nearly 2 weeks in ICU
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Average hospital stay: 10+ days (non-intensive care), 13+ days (ICU)
Hospitalization rate: about 5% of cases
Age groups with higher hospitalization rates:
+ 70s: 29%
+ 60s: 11%
+ 50s: 6%
+ 40s: 3%
+ 30s: 2%

Article 4 of 6
Title: COVID-19 case temporarily shuts down Dr. Oetker plant in London
Publisher: CTV News London
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
Summary: The Dr. Oetker plant in London, Ontario is closing temporarily due to a COVID-19 case among employees. This may lead to a reduction in hospitalizations related to workplace exposure.

Article 5 of 6
Title: Half of coronavirus patients given ventilation died: German study
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 3 days ago
Mortality rate: 25% (male), 19% (female)
Age groups:
+ 70s: 27% mortality
+ 80+: 38% mortality
Hospital stay duration:
+ Average: 14 days
+ Ventilation: 25 days
Mechanical ventilation required for every 100 hospitalized patients: 240 days

Article 6 of 6
Title: Coronavirus report card: Experts give Canada a B, U.S. an F
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 7 days ago
The article discusses the performance of Canada and the United States in responding to the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the global response. Here are some key points:
Canada: 
Receives a "B" grade for its response to the pandemic
Has been praised for its staged approach to reopening, which involves gradually lifting restrictions based on case numbers and hospital capacity
Health Minister Patty Hajdu has said that Canada will not be safe until COVID-19 is under control globally
United States: 
Receives a "D-minus" grade for its response to the pandemic
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has been criticized for being nearly invisible in Washington's response to the pandemic
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, has been praised for his efforts to keep science at the forefront of the American debate, but has faced opposition from President Donald Trump
Global Response: 
Receives a "C" grade overall
Experts have noted that the pandemic has shown the ability of many countries to work together in sharing information and developing vaccines and treatments
However, there are concerns about the lack of preparedness for pandemics globally, particularly in developing countries with limited healthcare resources
Key Takeaways: 
The pandemic is a global challenge that requires international cooperation and coordination
The virus has been able to spread rapidly across the world due to its high infectivity and the lack of preparedness in some countries
Even with the best policies and procedures, it's still difficult to contain the virus
The developing world may face significant challenges in responding to the pandemic, which could have implications for global health security.