Below are 4 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 4
Title: Yes, you can have COVID-19 and the flu at the same time. Here's what that could do to your body
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 1 day ago
Relevant.
The article discusses the potential for a "twin-demic" of COVID-19 and flu in Ontario, Canada.
It highlights the increased risk of hospitalization due to respiratory failure if both viruses are contracted simultaneously.
The article mentions that about 140,000 to 810,000 Americans get hospitalized with the flu each year, which could be relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.

Article 2 of 4
Title: Young adults who are obese at greater risk of needing ventilator due to COVID-19: study
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 3 days ago
Key values:
Young adults (18-34) with underlying conditions (morbid obesity, diabetes, hypertension) at high risk of hospitalization and death.
Black and Hispanic individuals overrepresented among hospitalized cases and deaths.
Males more likely to be hospitalized and die than females.
Morbid obesity (BMI 40+) associated with highest risk of ventilation or death.

Article 3 of 4
Title: Thousands of students return to schools as new COVID-19 cases emerge
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 4 days ago
Number of schools with confirmed cases: 22 (Support Our Students Alberta tracker) or at least 20 (NDP education critic Sarah Hoffman)
Confirmed cases among students and staff in Ottawa: 193 students and 7 staff
Potential cases in Quebec: up to 120 schools may have been affected, with 70 schools recording at least one case since Sept. 1
Number of confirmed COVID-19 cases among teachers and students in Quebec: 118 since classes resumed

Article 4 of 4
Title: Vancouver Coastal Health warns of potential COVID-19 exposure at 3 Granville Street nightclubs
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 6 days ago
Median age of those contracting COVID-19 has decreased to 41 years old.
Younger people are now contracting the virus, leading to lower hospitalization and death rates compared to April-May.
Overall infections curve is trending upward.