Below are 6 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 6
Title: One country, two pandemics: what COVID-19 reveals about inequality in Canada
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: Today
In Ontario, rates of infection, death, hospitalization, and socioeconomic disparities are higher in ethnically and culturally diverse neighborhoods.
Low-income residents and recent immigrants are disproportionately affected by COVID-19.
The rate of hospitalizations in hard-hit communities is four times higher than in less diverse areas.
Working conditions, smaller dwellings, and pre-existing inequalities contribute to these disparities.

Article 2 of 6
Title: Coronavirus: What's happening around the world on June 13
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: Today
Total cases in Canada: 98,408
Cases considered recovered or resolved: 59,353
Deaths in Canada: 8,163
Daily hospitalizations in Texas (US): 2,166 (not directly relevant but can be used as a comparison)
India reported 11,458 new cases and 386 deaths on Saturday.

Article 3 of 6
Title: 30-day limit on prescription refills lifted in most provinces
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 1 day ago
The article is about changes to prescription medication supply limits across Canadian provinces due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: 
None directly related to COVID-19 hospitalization forecasts.

Article 4 of 6
Title: Is it safe to hug a friend or loved one at this point in the pandemic?
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 5 days ago
Experts agree that hugging can spread COVID-19 through droplets or physical contact.
The risk of transmission is higher when hugging someone outside of your immediate household.
Older adults and those with pre-existing health concerns are at high-risk of contracting severe cases of COVID-19.
Wearing a mask, washing hands before and after hugging, keeping the hug brief, facing away from each other, and holding one's breath can minimize the risk of transmission.

Article 5 of 6
Title: Brazil gov't yanks virus death toll as data befuddles experts
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 6 days ago
Brazil's COVID-19 statistics are considered deficient and manipulated, making it difficult to understand the pandemic's toll.
The country's Health Ministry stopped publishing cumulative numbers of infections and deaths, showing only daily figures.
Academic groups have tried to estimate undercounted cases by studying unexplained surges in deaths compared to average prior years.
In Brazil, efforts to detect uncounted deaths from COVID-19 are hindered by problems with government statistics.
Deaths attributed to other conditions like pneumonia and respiratory insufficiency may be indicative of undiagnosed COVID-19 cases.

Article 6 of 6
Title: Survivors who missed out on polio vaccine hope for breakthrough against COVID-19
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 6 days ago
Peak of polio epidemic in Canada occurred in 1953 with 500 deaths and 11,000 people paralyzed.
Polio cases were highest in better-off communities (middle class suburbs).
Hospital resources were severely strained during the epidemic, including a shortage of mechanical respirators.
The Salk vaccine was developed in the US with research contributions from the University of Toronto, providing immediate access to immunization against polio in Canada.