Below are 4 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 4
Title: Ontario experiencing spike in new COVID-19 ICU admissions not seen since June, data shows
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 1 day ago
A new daily increase in COVID-19 patients admitted into critical care in Ontario is a spike not seen since June. Key values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada include:
Record high of nearly 800 new cases on Thursday and 939 new cases on Friday
ICU units are now roughly 87% full in the Toronto region
Critical care bed occupancy rates in multiple regions of Ontario are above 80%
52 patients have tested positive for COVID-19 in ICUs, with another 361 under investigation

Article 2 of 4
Title: COVID-19 in Indigenous communities: 'alarming rise' in new and active cases
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 3 days ago
5 new cases reported in Six Nations of the Grand River (southern Ontario)
Total cases on First Nations reserves in Ontario: 80
Total hospitalizations across all First Nations reserves: 60
Hospitalization rate per region not provided.

Article 3 of 4
Title: Kitchener high school reports fourth case of COVID-19
Publisher: CTV News Kitchener
Posted: 5 days ago
Number of COVID-19 cases in Waterloo Region schools: at least 20
Age group most affected: people age 10 to 19 (cases more than doubled in the last month)
No high-risk school contacts identified in Huron Heights Secondary School case
No epidemiological link between cases at Huron Heights Secondary School

Article 4 of 4
Title: Why a 2nd wave of COVID-19 is more dangerous than it looks
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 7 days ago
The article discusses the potential consequences of a second wave of COVID-19 in Canada, highlighting lessons learned from the first wave. The experts quoted in the article emphasize that the virus remains as deadly and infectious as it was before, and that Canadians need to be prepared for the possibility of re-entering lockdowns if necessary.
Some key points mentioned in the article include:
Older Canadians are at higher risk of serious outcomes from COVID-19, with those over 70 accounting for almost 90% of all deaths in Canada.
Physical distancing, wearing a mask, and limiting close contact with others can drastically reduce the risk of catching COVID-19.
Asymptomatic transmission is a real threat, and superspreading events have been recorded.
The virus has not significantly mutated to become less infectious or deadly.
Health-care workers are getting more adept at treating COVID-19, but there is still no tool that can prevent hospitalization for those infected.
The experts also discuss what Canadians can do to slow the second wave:
Take a data-driven approach to re-entering lockdowns, targeting specific regions and activities proven to lead to spread.
Be prepared for the possibility of re-entering lockdowns if necessary.
Follow public health directives, even if it's exhausting or inconvenient.
Overall, the article emphasizes that Canadians need to take the second wave seriously and be prepared to adapt their behavior to prevent further spread of the virus.