Below are 5 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 5
Title: Some Canadian hospitals are half-empty
Publisher: Healthy Debate
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
Key points:
Hospital occupancy in Ontario is 77%, down from 97% a year ago.
The number of patients with COVID-19 is increasing, but hospitalizations are decreasing.
People who need hospital care may be staying home due to fear of contracting COVID-19 or saving scarce resources.
Disruptions in routine medical care and emergency department visits may lead to unrecognized illnesses and delayed treatment.
Efforts to reduce hospitalizations have been challenging, with most reporting no benefit or only modest success.

Article 2 of 5
Title: 4 more COVID-19 patients die in B.C., bringing total number of deaths to 43
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 4 days ago
Relevant.
Summary: The article reports on the current situation of COVID-19 hospitalizations and cases in British Columbia (B.C.), Canada. Key values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada include:
Total number of COVID-19 patients hospitalized (not directly reported, but context suggests lower numbers compared to Quebec and Ontario)
Number of new cases (25) and total cases (1,291)
Number of recovered patients (805) and deaths (43)
Provincial health officer's concerns about indoor gatherings and travel to smaller communities
Availability of hospital beds (4,549 cleared in B.C.)

Article 3 of 5
Title: Why B.C. is flattening the COVID-19 curve while numbers in central Canada surge
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 5 days ago
Key points:
B.C. has fewer hospitalizations and active cases compared to Ontario.
B.C.'s institutions for disease control have been a model for the rest of Canada, with a functioning public health system and early measures taken to prevent community transmission.
Ontario's public health leadership culture has had difficulties, leading to delays in unified response and messaging.
Timing of spring break played a role, with B.C. recommending against non-essential travel earlier than Ontario.
Dr. Bonnie Henry's experience and leadership have been crucial in B.C.'s success in flattening the curve.

Article 4 of 5
Title: COVID-19 seems to be hitting smokers more severely, scientists warn
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 5 days ago
Smokers are at higher risk of severe illness from COVID-19.
Early research shows that among people with severe pneumonia due to COVID-19, 12% of current smokers were admitted to an ICU or required ventilators, compared to less than 5% of non-smokers.
Smoking damages lung tissues and increases the number of lung cells that have receptors for the novel coronavirus.

Article 5 of 5
Title: Extra ventilators arrive in Ontario hospital ICUs to aid COVID-19 patients
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 5 days ago
As of now, there are 589 people hospitalized with confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Ontario.
216 of those are in ICUs, including 160 on ventilators.
The province projects a steep rise in COVID-19 patients over the next two weeks, requiring an additional 900 intensive care beds to cope.
The peak is forecast to hit hospitals between April 16 and 20, with as many as 1,200 cases of COVID-19 in ICUs.