Below are 4 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 4
Title: Doctors urge Ontario to rethink ICU capacity as key lockdown indicator
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 2 days ago
Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Record high ICU occupancy (430 COVID ICU patients)
Variants of concern are the main driver behind the third wave
Patients requiring ICU care double with each individual infection due to variants of concern
Younger patients are ending up in hospital and ICUs, including parents of school-aged children
Important supplies, such as tocilizumab (a life-saving medication), are beginning to run low.

Article 2 of 4
Title: COVID-19 Hospitalizations, ICU Admissions and Deaths Associated with the New Variants of Concern
Publisher: Ontario COVID-19 Science Advisory Table
Posted: 5 days ago
This Science Brief presents data on the impact of new Variants of Concern (VOCs) of SARS-CoV-2 on COVID-19 outcomes in Ontario, Canada. The key findings are:
1. Increased risk of hospitalization: New VOCs are associated with a 103% increase in the risk of hospitalization due to COVID-19.
2. Increased risk of ICU admission: New VOCs are associated with a 63% increase in the risk of ICU admission due to COVID-19.
3. Increased risk of death: New VOCs are associated with a 56% increase in the risk of death due to COVID-19.
4. Higher burden on healthcare system: The increased risk of hospitalization, ICU admission, and death will result in a higher burden on the healthcare system than observed during the second wave.
5. Delays in full impact: The full impact of new VOCs on the healthcare system may not be apparent until 14-28 days after diagnosis, due to delays in reporting and hospitalization.
6. Increased ICU occupancy: As of March 28, 2021, ICU occupancy was 28% higher than at the start of the province-wide lockdown on December 26, 2020.
7. Shift in age distribution: Patients aged 59 years and younger now make up 46% of new COVID-19 admissions to ICUs, compared with 30% in the week prior to the start of the province-wide lockdown.
The methods used for this Science Brief include:
1. Retrospective cohort study: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using cases of SARS-CoV-2 infection reported in CCM/iPHIS.
2. Logistic regression models: Logistic regression models were constructed to evaluate associations between VOC SARS-CoV-2 infection and COVID-19 outcomes.
3. Meta-analysis: An inverse-variance fixed-effects meta-analysis was used to combine adjusted estimates from individual studies.
The data sources include:
1. CCM/iPHIS: Cases of SARS-CoV-2 infection reported in CCM/iPHIS.
2. PubMed , Google Scholar , and other COVID-19 specific resources: Studies on the prognosis associated with new VOCs were searched and retrieved from these databases.
The analysis was conducted by a team of researchers, and the results are presented in this Science Brief.

Article 3 of 4
Title: New data shows COVID-19 pandemic now 'completely out of control' in Ontario, key scientific adviser says
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 5 days ago
Variants causing more severe illness account for 67% of all SARS-CoV-2 infections in Ontario.
The variants are associated with a:
+ 60% increased risk of hospitalization
+ Doubled risk of admission to intensive care (ICU)
+ 56% increased risk of death
New daily infections have reached the same number as at the height of the second wave, and the number of people hospitalized is now 21% higher than at the start of the province-wide lockdown.
ICU occupancy is 28% higher, with a 50% increase in COVID-19 patients under 60 years old.

Article 4 of 4
Title: 'Stronger' measures needed across Canada to suppress COVID-19 resurgence: Tam
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 7 days ago
Highly contagious variants are driving up daily case counts in Ontario.
Hospitalization rates and variant cases have delayed reopening plans in Alberta.
Ontario's intensive care beds are already occupied at levels "well above the threshold" that hospitals can cope with.
The Registered Nurses Association of Ontario is urging Premier Doug Ford to scale back reopening plans due to high hospitalization rates.