Below are 4 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 4
Title: Anxious patients await surgery, but the COVID-19 backlog won't be 'easily overcome in the next year'
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 1 day ago
Key values:
Decreasing COVID-19 infection rates and hospitalizations
Province loosening restrictions on stores, shopping malls, and hair salons
Concerns about potential increase in hospitalizations over March break due to more contagious variants of the virus
Hospital capacity operating at 50% since December, with some areas functioning at 30%
Backlog of surgeries (140,000 Quebecers waiting for surgery) may impact availability of ICU beds

Article 2 of 4
Title: Health-care system's history with Black community is affecting attitudes around COVID-19 vaccine
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Key values:
25% of patients hospitalized with COVID-19 are Black (despite making up only 9% of Toronto's population)
The predominantly Black and brown neighbourhoods have been hotspots since the beginning of COVID
Limited race-based medical research can contribute to inequities in the system
The province is allocating $12.5 million in funding towards community health agencies in high-risk communities for outreach and increased testing

Article 3 of 4
Title: Tracking variants of the novel coronavirus in Canada
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 2 days ago
Key values:
As of Apr. 8, 2021, Ontario changed its methodology for confirming B.1.1.7 variants, using initial screening tests instead of genome sequencing.
Public Health Ontario (PHO) confirmed that the accuracy of the variant test and prevalence of B.1.1.7 in Ontario make genome sequencing no longer required to confirm a sample as likely a B.1.1.7 variant.
Ontario has seen an outbreak involving the B.1.1.7 variant at a long-term care home, resulting in all residents but one contracting the virus and over 100 positive cases amongst staff.
Public Health Ontario issued a caution about interpreting variant tracking data due to delays between specimen collection and whole genome sequencing, which may result in case records being removed or updated.

Article 4 of 4
Title: Important thing to know about the novel coronavirus: It's a shapeshifter
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 2 days ago
Key points:
The virus is evolving and changing the shape of its spike protein.
This evolution can make the virus more infectious (e.g., B.1.1.7 variant).
The virus's genetic code is disappearing in ways that allow it to evade immune responses.
This evolution does not make the virus unstoppable, but could necessitate new vaccines or treatments.
A similar process could play out on a wider scale, potentially requiring new formulas for existing vaccines.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Rate of viral mutation and adaptation
Effectiveness of current vaccines against emerging variants
Hospitalization rates among individuals with compromised immune systems (e.g., long-haulers)
Public health measures and vaccination coverage in Ontario