Below are 6 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 6
Title: Ontario hospitals allowed to transfer patients without consent
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 1 day ago
Record number of 552 people with COVID-19 in ICUs on Friday.
Orders expected to increase ICU capacity by up to 1,000 beds.
Hospitals have been told to ramp down elective surgeries and non-urgent activities to preserve critical care and human resource capacity.
Over 3,100 more hospital beds created over the last year.

Article 2 of 6
Title: COVID-19 surge forces Cornwall hospital to transfer patients
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 1 day ago
Relevant.
72% of cases in Eastern Ontario involve variants of concern, which increase hospitalization risk by 50%, ICU admission risk by 100%, and mortality rate by 50%.
Patients with COVID-19 are younger and sicker.
Hospitals are at or near capacity (Cornwall: 205 patients, normally 160; Montfort: 94% capacity).
Elective surgeries are being postponed to free up resources for COVID-19 patients.

Article 3 of 6
Title: Why comparing COVID-19 hospitalization numbers between provinces isn't apple to apples
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
The article highlights differences in how provinces count COVID-19 hospitalizations, including whether non-infectious patients are included.
Key values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: 
Number of ICU patients testing positive (476)
Total number of ICU patients (504)

Article 4 of 6
Title: Kingston’s main ICU at capacity, including 17 out-of-region COVID-19 patients - Kingston
Publisher: Global News
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
17 ICU beds at Kingston General Hospital are occupied by COVID-19 patients from outside the region, with 6 more expected to be transferred on Friday.
Total ICU beds in Kingston are fluid due to pandemic demands, but additional beds are being added.
Ontario hospitalizations have increased by 41% over the past two weeks.
New variants of concern account for 65% of all cases in Ontario.

Article 5 of 6
Title: Canada is losing the race between vaccines and variants as the 3rd wave worsens
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Key points:
Variants (B117, P1, B1351) are spreading rapidly across Canada, including Ontario.
Cases of variants are increasing, with over 70% of cases in Ontario being variants.
Hospitalizations and deaths are rising, even among younger Canadians.
Vaccine rollout is slow, and restrictions have been loosened prematurely.
Travel within Canada is discouraged due to the spread of variants.

Article 6 of 6
Title: Ontario imposes provincewide 'emergency brake' as 3rd wave of COVID-19 hits hard
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 6 days ago
2,557 new confirmed cases reported on a single day (most since Jan 22)
Hospital intensive care units had 421 patients critically ill with COVID-19 as of Tuesday
New restrictions include prohibiting indoor organized public events and social gatherings, limiting capacity for outdoor gatherings, closing non-essential businesses, etc.
Variants of concern are spreading faster and causing more harm than before
ICU physicians warn that stricter measures are needed to prevent overwhelming hospitals