Below are 8 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 8
Title: Omicron rapidly shifts the need for boosters in Canada
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: Today
Here are some key points from the article:
Early Findings on Pfizer Vaccine and Omicron Variant 
Pfizer's early findings show that three doses of their COVID-19 vaccine neutralize the omicron variant in lab settings.
Two doses of the vaccine still offer strong protection against severe COVID-19, which is good news for highly vaccinated countries like Canada.
Neutralizing Antibodies 
The level of neutralizing antibodies (which prevent the virus from entering cells) decreased by 40-fold after two doses of the vaccine.
A third dose increased neutralizing antibodies by a factor of 25.
Recommendations and Concerns 
Experts recommend that all Canadians over 50 get a booster, while those aged 18-49 can be offered one six months out from their second shot.
Some provinces have expanded the rollout of boosters to more age groups, but only a handful have gone below the age of 50.
Canada needs to "rapidly pivot" and expand boosters to all Canadians over 18 who are six months out from their second dose to blunt the size of another wave.
Omicron-Driven Surge 
Experts warn that an omicron-driven surge is likely, which could lead to a rise in cases and hospitalizations.
Boosters alone won't spare Canada from the threat of omicron, even if they will likely have some added benefit to stopping spread.
First and second doses are still the most effective way to change the trajectory of the pandemic.
Key Takeaways 
Two doses of the vaccine still offer strong protection against severe COVID-19.
A third dose can provide additional protection against omicron, but it's not a guarantee against infection or hospitalization.
Canada needs to expand boosters to all Canadians over 18 who are six months out from their second dose to blunt the size of another wave.

Article 2 of 8
Title: 43 per cent of Ottawa children aged 5 to 11 receive first dose of COVID-19 vaccine in two weeks
Publisher: CTV News Ottawa
Posted: Today
The article reports on COVID-19 vaccination rates among children (5-11 years old) and the general population in Ottawa, Ontario. Key values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations include:
43% of 5-11 year olds have received their first dose
82% of Ottawa residents aged 5 and older are fully vaccinated with two doses
Vaccination rates by age group (e.g., 97% of 12-17 year olds, 99% of 70-79 year olds)
Population estimates for different age groups in Ottawa (e.g., 42,388 people aged 80 and older)

Article 3 of 8
Title: Ontario sees 1,290 new COVID-19 cases as science table recommends weekly rapid tests in schools
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Key values:
309 people hospitalized with COVID-19 (as of Wednesday)
155 ICU patients
Forecasted ICU patients: 250-400 by January (science advisory table)
Hospital capacity: can safely admit about 300 COVID patients to ICUs without postponing other urgent care.

Article 4 of 8
Title: Premier Moe defends call he made to leader of group opposing COVID-19 health measures
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 3 days ago
Summary: The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada. Key values include:
Unvaccinated individuals are at higher risk of hospitalization (mentioned as a reason for Premier Moe to engage with unvaccinated groups)
Public health measures can impact COVID-19 infection rates and hospitalizations (Saskatchewan's removal of measures led to increased infections and hospitalizations)
Hospital capacity can be overwhelmed by COVID-19 cases, leading to transfers to other provinces (Saskatchewan had to transfer ICU patients to Ontario)

Article 5 of 8
Title: Health System News A Shortcut to Immunity: St. Joe’s Clinic Saving Lives through Early-Stage COVID-19 Treatment
Publisher: Ontario Hospital Association
Posted: 4 days ago
Relevant.
The article discusses a pilot program at St. Joseph's Healthcare Hamilton offering monoclonal antibody (MAB) therapy to patients with early-stage COVID-19. Key values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada include:
Initial studies show a 71% reduction in hospitalizations and a 70% reduction in death from MAB therapy.
The therapy is most effective for unvaccinated or immune-compromised individuals who are vulnerable to serious complications.
Availability of MAB therapy could help reduce the burden on hospitals, allowing resources to be directed towards other patients.

Article 6 of 8
Title: Four new COVID-related deaths, hospitalizations increase in Windsor-Essex
Publisher: CTV News Windsor
Posted: 4 days ago
23 people with COVID are currently hospitalized at Windsor Regional Hospital.
11 unvaccinated and 3 partially vaccinated patients are among the 23 hospitalized cases.
The number of COVID-positive cases in hospital is the highest in over six months.
There are 4 fully/partially vaccinated and 8 unvaccinated COVID patients at Leamington hospital.

Article 7 of 8
Title: Merck's antiviral COVID-19 pill to be made in Canada
Publisher: CityNews Toronto
Posted: 5 days ago
Relevant.
Summary: 
- 500,000 patient courses of molnupiravir secured by Canada through a supply agreement with Merck.
- Treatment is for mild to moderate COVID-19 illness in adults at risk of severe illness, including hospitalization and death.
- Manufacturing facility located in Whitby, Ontario.

Article 8 of 8
Title: On COVID restrictions, our governments keep firing up the gaslights and shifting the goalposts
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 7 days ago
The article mentions that new case numbers in Ontario are split evenly between unvaccinated and fully vaccinated individuals.
It also discusses the rollout of booster shots and potential changes to vaccination targets.
However, it does not provide specific data or information on current hospitalization rates or trends.
The article's focus is more on the policy and public health response to COVID-19 in Ontario, rather than providing quantitative data for forecasting purposes.