Below are 9 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 9
Title: Hospitalizations, ICU admissions growing for younger Canadians in third wave
Publisher: CP24
Posted: Today
Hospitalizations among people under 60 are increasing (40% growth in 20s and 30s, 65% growth in 40s).
ICU admissions among people under 70 are also increasing (57% growth in 20s and 30s).
The number of people over 70 who died from COVID-19 fell by more than 77%, indicating a shift towards younger age groups.
Ontario, Alberta, and B.C. reported record highs in hospitals and intensive care due to the third wave of the pandemic.

Article 2 of 9
Title: Coronavirus: What's happening in Canada and around the world Friday
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 1 day ago
3,887 new COVID-19 cases reported in Ontario on Friday
Total of 2,201 people hospitalized with COVID-related illness (decreased by 47 since the last report)
883 people in ICU as a result of COVID-related illness (virtually no change)

Article 3 of 9
Title: Ontario to expand COVID-19 vaccine eligibility to all adults by end of May
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Key values:
Total deaths: 8,029
ICU admissions: 884 (new pandemic high)
Test positivity rate: 7.6% (7-day average: 8.5%)
Active infections: approximately 38,438
Hospital capacity and backlogged surgeries: enormous challenge to clear

Article 4 of 9
Title: How often are Canadian kids actually getting seriously ill or dying from COVID-19?
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
In Ontario, 3 COVID-19 deaths have taken place among people 19 and under over the course of the pandemic.
Youth admissions to hospitals are increasing, with some hospitals seeing a spike in youth admissions.
Children and teens make up nearly 20% of COVID-19 cases but less than 2% of hospitalizations.
Variants of concern may be more transmissible and capable of causing serious illness, but this does not seem to be translating to more severe symptoms among kids.
Parents should watch out for excessive vomiting, dehydration, unusual breathing, and difficulty catching breath as warning signs that require prompt medical attention.

Article 5 of 9
Title: Battling vaccine hesitancy, 'This is our Shot' aims to rally Canadians
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 3 days ago
Key values:
Vaccine hesitancy and uptake rates among racialized communities
Public health messaging and community engagement strategies
Information availability on COVID-19 vaccines in multiple languages (25+)
Targeted outreach to essential workers who cannot work from home

Article 6 of 9
Title: Ford’s latest waffle on paid sick days hits areas like Malton hardest
Publisher: The Pointer
Posted: 3 days ago
The article discusses the challenges faced by residents of Malton, a community in Peel Region, Ontario, Canada, in accessing COVID-19 vaccines. Despite being one of the hardest-hit areas during the pandemic, Malton has struggled to get access to vaccination sites and appointments.
According to the article, the Peel Public Health (PPH) was asked about the state of vaccination sites and pop-up inoculation programs in Malton, but they have not provided any information on what is being done to improve vaccine access for residents and essential workers in the area.
The article highlights the frustration faced by residents who had arranged a detour bus route to get to a community vaccination site in Etobicoke, Toronto, only to find out that most appointments were already booked. The opening up of more appointments has been bittersweet for residents who now need to compete among each other to secure immunization.
The article also mentions the arrival of the Canadian Armed Forces to help with the pandemic response, including medical assistance teams and additional medical personnel from Newfoundland. However, it is unclear how many resources will be sent into Peel and areas like Malton specifically.
The article concludes by quoting a local resident who says that it takes a tragedy, such as the death of a child, for people to pay attention to the issues faced by communities like Malton.
Key points:
Malton has struggled to access COVID-19 vaccines despite being one of the hardest-hit areas during the pandemic.
Peel Public Health (PPH) has not provided information on what is being done to improve vaccine access for residents and essential workers in Malton.
Residents had arranged a detour bus route to get to a community vaccination site in Etobicoke, but most appointments were already booked.
The Canadian Armed Forces are arriving to help with the pandemic response, including medical assistance teams and additional medical personnel from Newfoundland.
It is unclear how many resources will be sent into Peel and areas like Malton specifically.
Recommendations:
PPH should provide information on what is being done to improve vaccine access for residents and essential workers in Malton.
The government should prioritize the needs of communities like Malton, which have been disproportionately affected by the pandemic.
More resources should be allocated to support vaccination efforts in Peel Region, including additional medical personnel and equipment.

Article 7 of 9
Title: Canada Covid-19: Military will help out in the province of Ontario as the Covid-19 positivity rate hits an all-time high
Publisher: CNN
Posted: 4 days ago
Relevant.
The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada because:
ICU admissions hit new highs.
Positivity rate reached an all-time high of 10.9% in the last 24 hours.
The province lacks vaccine supply and will not receive more doses in time to avoid record hospitalizations.
Variants of concern are affecting younger age groups, which may lead to increased hospitalizations.
Ontario is already using surge capacity in dozens of hospitals, including field hospitals.

Article 8 of 9
Title: Pushing Ontario’s ICUs to the brink: How some hospitals are preparing for the worst
Publisher: Global News
Posted: 4 days ago
Key values:
Current ICU capacity: 875 COVID-19 patients
Ventilator usage: 589 people on ventilators
Projected peak ICU cases: at least 1,500 by May 1st (next week)
Hospitalization and ICU numbers as "lagging indicators" of virus severity

Article 9 of 9
Title: Now recovering from COVID-19, Olympian Alex Kopacz recalls 'dark experience' of saying goodbye at 31
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 4 days ago
Age: 31 (young adult)
Location: London, Ont. (urban area)
Symptoms: Fever, cough, body chills, aches, vomiting, and spitting up blood
Severity of illness: Required oxygen therapy and hospitalization
Recovery status: Stable, but still dependent on oxygen to breathe
These values are relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.