Below are 7 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 7
Title: New Iceland: Drawing parallels between the COVID-19 pandemic and smallpox
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: Today
Key values:
Indigenous communities are disproportionately vulnerable to COVID-19 due to socio-economic marginalization.
Access to effective monitoring and early-warning systems, as well as adequate health and social services, is limited in these communities.
These communities have taken measures to limit exposure to the virus by keeping land borders closed throughout the pandemic.

Article 2 of 7
Title: Canada authorizes one-shot COVID-19 vaccine from Johnson & Johnson
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 1 day ago
The Johnson & Johnson vaccine has been approved for use in adults 18 years of age and older.
The vaccine was shown to be 66% effective in preventing moderate to severe COVID-19 two weeks after vaccination.
The vaccine provides "acceptable levels" of protection against the B.1.351 variant first discovered in South Africa and against the P.1 variant first identified in Brazil.
The federal government has secured access to up to 38 million doses of the Johnson & Johnson vaccine, with a deal in place for at least 10 million doses expected by the end of September.
The addition of this vaccine to Canada's COVID-19 inoculations arsenal may accelerate the overall immunization timeline.

Article 3 of 7
Title: Nearly 354K surgeries, procedures, consultations postponed due to COVID-19, report says
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 2 days ago
184,364 surgeries were postponed in Ontario between mid-March and mid-June, 2020.
The backlog began due to COVID-19 case numbers surging, with hospitals prioritizing beds and ventilators over non-urgent procedures.
The article does not provide direct information on hospitalizations, but mentions modeling research suggesting up to 35 people could die in Ontario between mid-March and the beginning of May due to cancelled or deferred cardiac surgeries.

Article 4 of 7
Title: Chief medical adviser says Health Canada preparing for quick approval of boosters
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 2 days ago
Key points:
Variants of concern (B.1.1.7, B.1.351, and P.1) have been identified in Canada.
The most common variant so far found in Canada is B.1.1.7.
Studies in Israel show significant reductions in the spread of the virus, hospitalizations, and deaths after vaccination with Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine.
The effectiveness of vaccines against variants may be a concern for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.
Health Canada will review boosters quickly when they are available.

Article 5 of 7
Title: 'When will it end?': How a changing virus is reshaping scientists' views on COVID-19
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 3 days ago
The emergence of new variants that can evade natural immunity and reduce vaccine efficacy could lead to a significant increase in hospitalizations.
A 65% effective vaccine given to half of a country's population could result in four times more COVID-19 cases resulting in hospitalization or death compared to the flu.
The article mentions a worst-case scenario of up to 200,000 U.S. deaths related to COVID-19 over the winter period.
The Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation is updating its model to account for variants' ability to escape natural immunity, which could impact forecasting in Ontario, Canada.

Article 6 of 7
Title: Mammograms pick up swelling due to COVID-19 vaccine, causing unnecessary fear, radiologists say
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 4 days ago
The article discusses the reaction of lymph nodes to the Moderna vaccine.
Swollen lymph nodes can be a normal biological response to the vaccine and may not require further investigation or biopsy.
Experts recommend waiting at least 4-6 weeks after the second dose of the COVID-19 vaccine before scheduling a mammogram.
The article highlights the importance of screening for breast cancer, especially in women who have missed or are overdue on their mammograms due to the pandemic.

Article 7 of 7
Title: Blood tests could be early indicator of COVID-19 severity: study
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 7 days ago
Relevant.
Elevated neutrophil levels in blood tests can predict severity of COVID-19.
Patients with high neutrophil levels were more likely to require ICU care, ventilation, or die due to COVID-19.
Neutrophils are associated with inflammation and obesity, which increase risk of severe illness from COVID-19.
A diagnostic test could give a better sense of who is at higher risk for critical illness and benefit from early therapies.