Below are 5 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 5
Title: Doug Ford's daughter shares anti-vax message on social media
Publisher: Daily Hive
Posted: 2 days ago
The article reports on a social media post by Premier Doug Ford's daughter, Krista Ford Haynes, expressing skepticism about vaccine safety. However, the article also provides relevant data: 19,710,224 COVID-19 vaccine doses administered in Ontario and 551,338 virus cases and 9,374 deaths since the pandemic began.

Article 2 of 5
Title: Canadian-led international study: Full-dose blood thinners benefit moderately ill COVID-19 patients
Publisher: UM Today
Posted: 3 days ago
Relevant.
The article reports on two Canadian-led studies that tested full-dose anticoagulation with heparin in hospitalized COVID-19 patients. The studies found that:
Full-dose heparin improved survival and reduced the need for vital organ support among moderately ill patients (not in ICU, not receiving mechanical ventilation).
Full-dose heparin was associated with a high probability of worse outcomes among critically ill patients.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Number of moderately ill patients (not in ICU) who may benefit from full-dose anticoagulation with heparin.
Proportion of critically ill patients who may be harmed by full-dose anticoagulation with heparin.

Article 3 of 5
Title: Major Ontario city has no COVID-19 patients in intensive care for first time during pandemic
Publisher: CTV News Toronto
Posted: 3 days ago
Relevant.
Zero COVID-19 patients in ICU at Brampton Civic Hospital, a significant improvement from nearly 140 patients transferred out in the spring.
Currently, three people with COVID-19 at Brampton Civic, but they do not have severe illnesses requiring ICU admission.
Peel Region has had nearly 112,000 lab-confirmed cases and 845 confirmed virus-related deaths since January 2020.

Article 4 of 5
Title: Anxious times for teachers as fall classroom return looms — without a plan
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 4 days ago
Key values:
Dr. Hsiu-Li Wang aims for 90% student vaccination rate to avoid a fourth wave.
The focus is on getting people vaccinated and building ICU capacity.
Public health precautions will be recommended to prevent significant surges in case rates that would lead to hospitalizations.
Ventilation upgrades, smaller class sizes, and increased funding for mental health supports are also mentioned.

Article 5 of 5
Title: The end of an order: A timeline from N.B.'s first COVID case to life in green
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 7 days ago
It appears that you've provided a collection of news articles from 2021 related to COVID-19 in New Brunswick, Canada. Here are some key points extracted from these articles:
Delta Variant 
The delta variant has been confirmed at the University of New Brunswick in Fredericton.
An outbreak was declared due to six cases of the delta variant at Magee House, an apartment-style residence for mature students.
The lockdown extended to St. Thomas University and the New Brunswick Community College due to potential exposure.
AstraZeneca Vaccine 
A person who received the AstraZeneca vaccine in mid-April developed symptoms seven days later and died two days after being hospitalized.
This was the province's first death linked to the Astra-Zeneca-Oxford vaccine.
Health Minister Dorothy Shephard emphasized that the risks of dying from COVID-19 are "far greater than the risks associated with receiving the AstraZeneca vaccine."
Doctor Charged 
Dr. Jean-Robert Ngola was charged with violating the provincial Emergency Measures Act for failing to quarantine when he returned from Quebec.
The Crown dropped the charge 11 days before his trial was set to begin, citing a lack of reasonable prospect of conviction.
Protests and Border Blockade 
A group of protesters blocked the Trans-Canada Highway at the Nova Scotia-New Brunswick border in June 2021, demonstrating against restrictions on travel between the two provinces.
At least two protesters were arrested during the blockade.
Vaccination Milestone 
The COVID-19 vaccination campaign reached a milestone in July 2021, with 50.4% of eligible New Brunswickers fully vaccinated (i.e., having received two doses).
Lifting Restrictions 
Premier Blaine Higgs announced that all remaining COVID-19 restrictions would be lifted on July 30, 2021, regardless of whether the province met vaccination targets.
This included lifting mask mandates and gathering limits.