Below are 8 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 8
Title: COVID-19 hospitalizations steady, but Ottawa hospitals say there's no room to spare
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: Today
Key values:
Staff burnout and potential shortages due to increased isolation at home
Limited capacity in hospitals, particularly ICUs
Potential need to defer non-COVID procedures if ICU capacity is reached
Increased risk of staff exposure to COVID-19 if community transmission continues
Importance of following public health guidelines to prevent hospital worker absences

Article 2 of 8
Title: Bill for airlifting Sask. COVID-19 ICU patients to Ontario and back tops $1.3M
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 1 day ago
The article reports on Saskatchewan transferring 27 ICU patients to Ontario due to capacity issues during the fourth wave of COVID-19. The key values are:
Number of patients transferred: 27
Number of patients who died in Ontario: 6
Total cost for transporting patients from Saskatchewan: $1.3 million (including flights, accommodations, and travel costs)
Estimated number of patients transported back alive: 21

Article 3 of 8
Title: B.C. records 789 new cases of COVID-19 and identifies a total of 302 cases of the Omicron variant
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 1 day ago
Key values:
Total active cases: 4,313
Hospitalizations: 191 (down by 9.4% from last Friday)
ICU admissions: 74 (up by 2 cases from a week ago and down by 32.1% from a month ago)

Article 4 of 8
Title: Doctor Makes False Claim About Stillbirths in Canadian Hospitals
Publisher: FactCheck.org
Posted: 2 days ago
No information provided about COVID-19 hospitalization rates or trends in Ontario, Canada.
The article discusses rare safety concerns associated with COVID-19 vaccines, such as anaphylaxis, myocarditis, pericarditis, and Guillain-Barré Syndrome.
These conditions are not directly related to forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.

Article 5 of 8
Title: Transfer of Sask. COVID-19 ICU patients to Ontario ends as final person returns home
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 3 days ago
The peak number of intensive care patients in Saskatchewan during the fourth wave was 85 (Oct 18).
Normally, Saskatchewan has 79 ICU beds.
The total cost of airlifting patients to Ontario was approximately $641,000 ($545,000 + $96,000).
The article does not provide information on hospitalization rates or trends that are directly relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario.

Article 6 of 8
Title: Ontario nursing shortage hitting ‘crisis point’ as COVID-19 pandemic worsens again
Publisher: CityNews Toronto
Posted: 4 days ago
Key values:
Increased cases and hospitalizations expected due to Omicron variant
Nursing staffing shortages reported across Ontario hospitals, including Toronto
15% of nurses leaving the profession annually, up from 4-6%
Hospitals experiencing reduced capacity due to staffing pressures (e.g. Michael Garron Hospital's 15% reduction in operating room capacity)
Recommendations for addressing staffing shortage include fast-tracking internationally educated nurses and repealing Bill 124 to increase nurse salaries

Article 7 of 8
Title: Omicron rapidly shifts the need for boosters in Canada
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 7 days ago
Here are some key points from the article:
Early Findings on Pfizer Vaccine and Omicron Variant 
Pfizer's early findings show that three doses of their COVID-19 vaccine neutralize the omicron variant in lab settings.
Two doses of the vaccine still offer strong protection against severe COVID-19, which is good news for highly vaccinated countries like Canada.
Neutralizing Antibodies 
The level of neutralizing antibodies (which prevent the virus from entering cells) decreased by 40-fold after two doses of the vaccine.
A third dose increased neutralizing antibodies by a factor of 25.
Recommendations and Concerns 
Experts recommend that all Canadians over 50 get a booster, while those aged 18-49 can be offered one six months out from their second shot.
Some provinces have expanded the rollout of boosters to more age groups, but only a handful have gone below the age of 50.
Canada needs to "rapidly pivot" and expand boosters to all Canadians over 18 who are six months out from their second dose to blunt the size of another wave.
Omicron-Driven Surge 
Experts warn that an omicron-driven surge is likely, which could lead to a rise in cases and hospitalizations.
Boosters alone won't spare Canada from the threat of omicron, even if they will likely have some added benefit to stopping spread.
First and second doses are still the most effective way to change the trajectory of the pandemic.
Key Takeaways 
Two doses of the vaccine still offer strong protection against severe COVID-19.
A third dose can provide additional protection against omicron, but it's not a guarantee against infection or hospitalization.
Canada needs to expand boosters to all Canadians over 18 who are six months out from their second dose to blunt the size of another wave.

Article 8 of 8
Title: Sask. fall sitting focused on vaccinations and government's 4th wave response
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 7 days ago
Key values:
Number of patients transferred from Saskatchewan to Ontario (27)
High number of unvaccinated people filling hospitals and ICU wards in Saskatchewan
Increase in vaccination uptake after implementation of indoor masking and proof of vaccination policies in Saskatchewan
Reduction of COVID-19 cases after increase in vaccination uptake in Saskatchewan