Below are 4 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 4
Title: 'Stronger' measures needed across Canada to suppress COVID-19 resurgence: Tam
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: Today
Highly contagious variants are driving up daily case counts in Ontario.
Hospitalization rates and variant cases have delayed reopening plans in Alberta.
Ontario's intensive care beds are already occupied at levels "well above the threshold" that hospitals can cope with.
The Registered Nurses Association of Ontario is urging Premier Doug Ford to scale back reopening plans due to high hospitalization rates.

Article 2 of 4
Title: How Regina's COVID-19 cases compare to other Canadian, American cities
Publisher: CTV News Regina
Posted: 3 days ago
Ottawa, ON has 755 active COVID-19 cases and 4 people receiving treatment in intensive care.
The test positivity rate in Ottawa is 3.9%.
Ottawa's population is approximately 934,243 (2016 Census).
These values are most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.

Article 3 of 4
Title: Thunder Bay Regional Health Sciences Centre pandemic plan gives estimates on hospitalizations, deaths
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 5 days ago
Key values:
Hospital bed capacity (386 beds)
Number of negative pressure rooms (26)
Potential surge capacity measures:
+ Defer non-life-threatening services
+ Discharge Alternate Level of Care patients to Long-Term Care homes
+ Discharge acute inpatients to home care or family and self-care
+ Deploy freed-up beds for influenza patients
+ Cohort infectious and non-infectious patients
Staffing measures:
+ Record of retirees with skill sets to assist during pandemic
+ Call past employees to assist in extreme staffing shortages
Critical care triage principles:
+ All patients will be cared for, but not necessarily receive critical care services
+ Triage protocol must be clear and transparent to protect individuals from inequities

Article 4 of 4
Title: AstraZeneca: U.S. data shows COVID-19 vaccine effective for all ages
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 5 days ago
The AstraZeneca vaccine was 79% effective at preventing symptomatic cases of COVID-19 among adults of all ages.
There were no severe illnesses or hospitalizations among vaccinated volunteers, compared to five such cases in participants who received dummy shots.
The study found comparable efficacy across ethnicity and age groups.