Below are 6 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 6
Title: 2 Toronto hospitals install tents outside to relieve emergency room waiting overflow - Toronto
Publisher: Global News
Posted: 1 day ago
Record-high number of hospitalized COVID-19 patients: 1,932
Record-high ICU patients: 659
Record-high ventilator patients: 442
New cases: 4,736 (highest ever)

Article 2 of 6
Title: 'Our situation is dire,' top health official says as Ontario sees 4,736 new COVID-19 cases
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Total hospitalizations: 1,932 (new high)
ICU admissions: 64 new patients yesterday
Ventilator usage: 442 people require a ventilator to breathe
Field hospital activation possible due to hospital capacity issues
Plans to open up hundreds of additional ICU beds in coming days and weeks

Article 3 of 6
Title: ‘Sicker and younger’: Toronto ICU copes with pressure during 3rd wave of COVID
Publisher: Global News
Posted: 2 days ago
644 patients with COVID-19-related critical illness in intensive care beds as of Thursday (Critical Care Services Ontario).
Staffing has become a challenge due to exhausted nurses seeking time off.
Hospitals are ramping down non-essential surgeries and transferring sick people across jurisdictions.
The government has promised to create up to 1,000 more ICU beds in response to the growing need.

Article 4 of 6
Title: Ont. doctor admits 3 COVID-19 patients to ICU after they turned down vaccines
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 2 days ago
Key values:
Current number of people in hospital with COVID-19: 1,932
Number of people in intensive care (ICU) with COVID-19: 659
Record high daily infections: 4,736 cases

Article 5 of 6
Title: Worst fear come true: Toronto woman was in ICU with COVID-19 days before giving birth
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 3 days ago
This article tells the story of a woman named Megan who contracted COVID-19 while she was pregnant with her second child. She was hospitalized in an intensive care unit (ICU) and had to undergo a C-section delivery due to complications from the virus.
Megan's experience highlights the increased risk that pregnant women face when contracting COVID-19. According to Dr. Barrett, a doctor who treated Megan, the variants of the virus currently circulating are more easily transmissible, which means that even people who follow health recommendations closely can contract the virus. Younger people are also contracting the virus more frequently, and this age group is more likely to be pregnant.
Megan's story also highlights the challenges that doctors face when treating pregnant women with COVID-19. In her case, doctors had to weigh the risks of giving her certain medications that could help with her illness but might harm her baby. They ultimately decided to give her the medication because she was so sick and it was necessary to save her life.
The article also notes that there is a lack of data on vaccines and pregnant people, which has led to caution in recommending vaccination for this group. However, Pfizer has announced clinical trials of their vaccine in pregnant women, and Canadian guidelines now suggest that pregnant women consider vaccination in the second and third trimester.
Megan's experience was traumatic, and she had to be treated aggressively with steroids to recover from the birth without going on ventilation. She is still recovering from COVID-19 and has residual symptoms, including a lingering cough and blood thinners to prevent blood clots.
The article concludes by emphasizing the importance of vaccination for pregnant women. Megan's story serves as a warning about the risks of contracting COVID-19 while pregnant, and she encourages other pregnant women to take the vaccine if they have the chance.

Article 6 of 6
Title: These 'hot spots' getting vaccine priority are less hard-hit by COVID-19 than Ontario average
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 5 days ago
The article discusses the COVID-19 hotspots in Ontario, Canada, where a higher-than-average positivity rate for COVID-19 tests has been reported. The provincial government has designated 114 postal code zones as hotspots, making residents aged 50 and up eligible for priority access to COVID-19 vaccinations.
However, the article highlights some discrepancies in the designation of hotspots across different regions. For example:
In Hamilton, only two postal code zones were designated as hotspots, despite the city ranking fifth-most-affected public health unit in Ontario.
In York Region, more than 600,000 people live in postal code zones designated as hotspots, roughly half of the population.
In Ottawa, some politicians are calling on the province to expand the number of COVID-19 hotspots, citing lower vaccination rates in hard-hit areas compared to wealthier neighborhoods.
The article also notes that not everyone who lives within a designated hotspot will get priority access to COVID-19 vaccines. For example:
In K2V Kanata, one of the Ottawa postal code zones designated as a hotspot, the hospitalization and death rate is lower than in some 300 other postal code zones not designated as hotspots.
In M5V Toronto, a densely-populated neighborhood with a high average income, the infection rate is less than the Ontario average, despite a large number of infections reported.
The article concludes that there are disparities in the designation and prioritization of COVID-19 hotspots across different regions, which may impact vaccine access and equity.