Below are 5 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 5
Title: Thunder Bay-area hospitals prepare for up to 20 COVID-19 patients from Manitoba ICUs
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
The article reports on Manitoba's surge in COVID-19 hospitalizations (291 cases, including 76 in ICU) and their decision to transfer patients to Ontario hospitals due to capacity constraints. The article highlights:
Manitoba's current COVID-19 hospitalization numbers: 291 total, 76 in ICU
Ontario hospitals' capacity to accept up to 20 COVID-19 patients from Manitoba
Low COVID-19 cases in northwestern Ontario (e.g., Thunder Bay Regional Health Sciences Centre has only 9 COVID-19 patients on Thursday)

Article 2 of 5
Title: In one of Ontario's hardest-hit regions, COVID-19 takes a toll on essential workers
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 3 days ago
Peel Region has been hit harder by COVID-19 than almost any other part of Ontario.
There have been more than 500 outbreaks of COVID-19 in workplaces in Peel since the pandemic began early last year.
The median age of those infected in the region is 36.
Public Health Ontario reports that Peel's cumulative case count is 6,439 cases per 100,000 people.

Article 3 of 5
Title: Canada expected to pass US on first dose Covid vaccinations as demand declines among Americans
Publisher: CNN
Posted: 4 days ago
25% decrease in active Covid-19 cases in Canada this week
Hospitalizations and ICU admissions related to the virus remain high in Canada, especially in Ontario (no specific numbers mentioned)
No direct information on hospitalization rates or trends in Ontario.

Article 4 of 5
Title: Hospital staff train in new ER tents to prepare for surge in non-COVID-19 patients
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 4 days ago
Key points:
New COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations have been slowly going down.
Hospitals anticipate a surge in non-COVID-19 patients who delayed seeking care during the pandemic.
Staff are preparing for this surge by running simulations in new tents outside emergency departments to create more space for physical distancing.
The medical director of UHN's emergency departments expects a surge in activity for conditions that have been deferred, such as overdoses and mental health crises.

Article 5 of 5
Title: 'Cave syndrome': Why some people may choose to stay home even after COVID-19 ends
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 5 days ago
The article discusses the potential mental health impacts of the pandemic on Canadians.
Psychologists mention that people with pre-existing conditions (e.g. anxiety disorders) may be more affected by the pandemic.
Avoidance behaviors during the pandemic can worsen anxiety and stress in the long term.
Paying attention to feelings after restrictions are lifted is important for identifying potential mental health issues.
Free online resources, such as Mind Shift through Anxiety Canada, are available for those who need help.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Pre-existing conditions (e.g. anxiety disorders)
Avoidance behaviors during the pandemic
Mental health impacts on Canadians after restrictions are lifted