Below are 5 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 5
Title: Montreal private seniors' home hit with COVID-19 outbreak for the 1st time
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: Today
563 active cases of COVID-19 in Quebec's seniors' residences (RPAs), with 5% of residents affected.
242 active cases in Quebec's long-term care homes (CHSLD), with 16% of residents affected.
No hospitalizations reported at the specific residence mentioned, but most residents have received four doses of COVID-19 vaccine.

Article 2 of 5
Title: Interim Recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices for Use of Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccines in Children Aged 6 Months–5 Years — United States, June 2022
Publisher: CDC
Posted: 1 day ago
The text discusses the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC) Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices' (ACIP) recommendations for COVID-19 vaccination in children aged 6 months to 5 years. The key points are:
1. Myocarditis and pericarditis risks: These rare adverse events have been reported after mRNA COVID-19 vaccine receipt, but monitoring has not detected an increased risk in children aged 5-11 years.
2. Benefits outweigh risks: ACIP determined that the benefits of COVID-19 vaccination outweigh the known and potential risks, even with high seroprevalence among young children.
3. Interim recommendations:
For children aged 6 months to 5 years: a 2-dose primary series with the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine as authorized under an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA).
For children aged 6 months to 4 years: a 3-dose primary series with the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine as authorized under an EUA.
4. No product preference: Children may receive any ACIP-recommended COVID-19 vaccine, and it's encouraged to receive the earliest vaccine available.
5. Same mRNA vaccine product for all doses: Once a primary series is started, the same mRNA vaccine product should be used for all doses in the series.
The text also mentions that:
The CDC will continue to review additional data as they become available.
Updates to recommendations or clinical considerations will be posted on the ACIP website.
COVID-19 vaccines must be administered according to applicable state and territorial vaccination laws.
The EUA Fact Sheet should be provided to parents or guardians before vaccination.

Article 3 of 5
Title: Lung-imaging shows cause of long COVID symptoms
Publisher: healthcare-in-europe.com
Posted: 3 days ago
Study conducted at 5 centers across Ontario.
Focus on long COVID symptoms and potential causes.
No direct information on current or future hospitalization rates.
FALSE (for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations)

Article 4 of 5
Title: What causes long COVID? Canadian researchers think they’ve found a key clue - National
Publisher: Global News
Posted: 4 days ago
34 patients were studied, including 12 who had been hospitalized with COVID-19.
All patients experienced problems in the level of oxygen being absorbed by their red blood cells.
The study found a microscopic abnormality in the way oxygen moves from the lungs and into the blood vessels of long COVID patients.
This abnormality could explain why some people experience breathing issues months after contracting COVID-19.
The study was funded by the Ontario COVID-19 Rapid Research Fund.

Article 5 of 5
Title: Cause of long-COVID symptoms revealed by lung-imaging research at Western University
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 4 days ago
The study was conducted at multiple centers across Ontario, including London Health Sciences Centre (LHSC) and St. Joseph's Health Care.
Researchers found that long-COVID patients had normal pulmonary function tests but abnormal MRI results showing depressed oxygen exchange from lungs to red blood cells.
There was no difference in the severity of abnormalities between patients who required hospitalization for COVID-19 and those who recovered at home.
The study involved 500 million air sacs in the lungs, which is a relevant anatomical value for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations.