Below are 6 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 6
Title: Alberta kids hospitalized by COVID-19 more in 2022 than ever before: data
Publisher: Global News
Posted: 1 day ago
Hospitalization rates for children under 10 are increasing in Alberta, with a three-fold increase in hospitalizations compared to the previous 20 months.
Low vaccination rates among children (51.1% of kids aged 5-11 have received their first dose) contribute to increased hospitalizations.
Pediatric doses of COVID-19 vaccine can prevent severe disease and hospitalization.
Increased transmissibility of Omicron and its subvariants, as well as lifting of public health measures, may also be contributing factors.

Article 2 of 6
Title: How many COVID-19 cases are there in Simcoe County and Muskoka?
Publisher: simcoe.com
Posted: 2 days ago
Ontario, Canada is mentioned. 
The article discusses postal codes in various regions. 
Summary: FALSE

Article 3 of 6
Title: How improving COPD treatment in primary care could reduce demand on hospitals and emergency departments
Publisher: The Conversation
Posted: 3 days ago
The article highlights that patients with COPD have higher hospitalization rates (63% higher) and emergency department visits (85% higher) compared to the general population.
A program called Best Care has been shown to reduce emergency department visits and hospitalizations for high-risk COPD patients by embedding a certified respiratory educator/case manager in primary care.
The article presents a health economic analysis that shows Best Care is cost-effective and dominant in comparison to standard care, with a 1.5-fold return on investment expected in the first year of implementation.
The program's success in reducing avoidable hospitalizations and emergency department visits suggests it could be applied to other conditions, potentially including COVID-19.

Article 4 of 6
Title: Majority of Canadians have now caught COVID — so what does that mean for the future?
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 3 days ago
Key values:
Almost two-thirds of Ontarians (and Canadians) have had COVID-19 since Omicron.
70-80% of youth under 19 show evidence of prior infection.
60-70% of adults aged 20-59 show evidence of previous COVID-19 infection.
40% of Canadians over 60 show evidence of previous COVID-19 infection.
High levels of vaccination and hybrid immunity reduce the risk to vulnerable groups, including older individuals and those with underlying medical conditions.

Article 5 of 6
Title: P.E.I.'s weekly COVID-19 update shows 1 person in ICU, no new deaths
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 4 days ago
15 people are currently hospitalized with COVID-19 on Prince Edward Island.
76.1% of those hospitalized were fully vaccinated.
18.8% of hospitalized individuals were unvaccinated.
The province has recorded 276 cases requiring hospitalization since the pandemic began in March 2020.

Article 6 of 6
Title: Ontario opens appointments for new bivalent COVID-19 booster shots to all adults
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 5 days ago
Relevant.
The article highlights values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
The emergence of new Omicron variants (BA.4 and BA.5) that are driving the current wave of infection.
The availability of bivalent vaccine doses, which will be based on shipment schedules and supply from the federal government.
The recommended interval for receiving the bivalent booster dose is 6 months since the previous dose, but it can also be received at a minimum interval of 3 months (84 days) since the last dose.