Below are 7 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 7
Title: Canada is shifting to 'living with the virus' — for better or worse
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: Today
Record-high hospitalizations and ICU admissions are mentioned nationally.
The Chief Public Health Officer Dr. Theresa Tam suggests finding a more "sustainable" way to deal with the pandemic.
Saskatchewan has announced further limits to PCR testing, ending daily COVID-19 data sharing, and stopping outbreak investigations outside of hospitals and long-term care.
Boosters still hold up well against infection, severe illness, and death.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada: Record-high hospitalizations and ICU admissions nationally.

Article 2 of 7
Title: Ontario is reporting 75 COVID-19 related deaths, but top doctor says situation is improving
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Key values for forecasting:
Current hospitalization numbers: 2,797 people with COVID-19 in hospitals
ICU numbers: 541 patients with COVID-19 who required intensive care (down from 555 and 599 the same time last week)
Percentage of positive tests: 14.6% (down from 18.4% the week prior)
Hospitalization trend: stable, but still precarious in some areas
Antiviral distribution plan: prioritizing unvaccinated individuals at risk of severe outcomes

Article 3 of 7
Title: This is what the latest pandemic wave is like for the ICU team at Humber River Hospital
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 3 days ago
Key values:
Unvaccinated individuals are 11.8 times more likely to be hospitalized with COVID-19 than vaccinated individuals.
ICU patients with COVID-19 contribute to delays for others in need of surgeries and treatment.
The ability to transfer ICU patients between hospitals has been crucial in managing patient case loads efficiently.
Fatigue and trauma have taken a toll on healthcare staff, but there is optimism that COVID-19's challenges will lead to reform in the healthcare system.

Article 4 of 7
Title: Doug Ford talks about returning to 'life we knew before COVID-19'
Publisher: CityNews Toronto
Posted: 5 days ago
The worst of the current Omicron wave has passed, but a jump in hospitalizations is expected in the coming months (February and March).
The easing of restrictions will contribute to an increased spread and hospitalizations will rebound.
Hospitalizations have slowed, but are still expected to continue at a prolonged peak through February and March.

Article 5 of 7
Title: Ontario reports 31 new COVID-19 deaths Monday as restrictions on restaurants, gyms lift
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 5 days ago
Key values:
2,983 hospitalizations as a result of COVID-19 (down from previous days)
583 people in intensive care units across the province
347 people requiring a ventilator to breathe
14.7% test positivity rate
56% of long-term care homes have active COVID-19 outbreaks

Article 6 of 7
Title: What you need to know about COVID-19 in Ottawa on Sunday, Jan. 30
Publisher: Yahoo News Canada
Posted: 6 days ago
The article provides information about COVID-19 vaccination and testing guidelines in eastern Ontario and western Quebec.
Vaccination Guidelines: 
Both local provinces recommend doses for kids age five to 11 be given at least eight weeks apart for the best possible protection.
Some health authorities say parents can request a shorter interval; the minimum time between doses is three weeks.
Guidance varies on when, not if, people should get a third dose after contracting COVID-19. Experts agree that people shouldn't get it until they're feeling recovered.
Eligible people in Ontario and Quebec can look for provincial appointments online or over the phone at 1-833-943-3900.
Testing Guidelines: 
In eastern Ontario, only high-risk people with symptoms or who are at risk of severe illness from COVID-19 can get a laboratory-checked PCR test due to Omicron demand.
Qualified people can check with their health unit for clinic locations and hours. Other people with symptoms should assume they have COVID-19 and isolate.
In western Quebec, PCR tests will be reserved for those in high-risk settings such as hospitals, long-term care homes, detention centres, and homeless shelters.
Rapid COVID-19 tests are available in all Quebec daycares, preschools, and elementary schools, as well as through pharmacies for the general population.
First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Communities: 
First Nations, Inuit, and Métis people, or someone travelling to work in a remote Indigenous community, are eligible for a test in both Ontario and Quebec.
Akwesasne has COVID-19 test and vaccine information online or at 613-575-2341. Residents can contact its Community in Quarantine Program if they need help getting essentials while isolating.
The neighbouring Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe is also offering tests.
People in Kitigan Zibi Anishinabeg can call the health centre at 819-449-5593 for a test or vaccine; email is another option for vaccine booking. Ode Widokazowin can help people in isolation get groceries at 819-449-2323.
People in Pikwàkanagàn can call a COVID-19 hotline at 613-401-0428 for updates on its response. It's offering PCR tests four mornings a week.
Anyone in Tyendinaga who's interested in a test can call its community health team at 613-967-3603, text it at 613-686-5510 or send it an email.
Inuit in Ottawa can call the Akausivik Inuit Family Health Team at 613-740-0999 for service, including testing and vaccines, in Inuktitut or English on weekdays.

Article 7 of 7
Title: How Canada can avoid past mistakes as COVID-19 restrictions lift
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 7 days ago
Key values:
Record-high hospitalizations have just begun to show signs of peaking.
Omicron variant's subvariant BA.2 is showing early signs of spread in Canada.
Experts warn that the virus doesn't work on our schedule and that immunity from vaccinations and infections may not be enough to prevent future waves.
Leading indicators like wastewater surveillance, hospitalizations, ICU admissions, and deaths should be monitored to inform decision-making.
Population immunity levels from vaccines, boosters, and infections will have some benefits but may not be enough to prevent a resurgence of COVID-19.