Below are 8 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 8
Title: Canada has now ended its COVID-19 travel restrictions, mask mandates
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: Today
The article reports on the end of COVID-19 public health restrictions in Canada, including no longer requiring proof of vaccination or mask-wearing on planes and trains, and an end to random mandatory tests for travellers. However, it does not provide information on current hospitalization rates or trends in Ontario specifically.

Article 2 of 8
Title: Effectiveness of a Second COVID-19 Vaccine Booster Dose Against Infection, Hospitalization, or Death Among Nursing Home Residents — 19 States, March 29–July 25, 2022
Publisher: CDC
Posted: 1 day ago
The study found that a second mRNA COVID-19 vaccine booster dose provided additional protection over first booster doses among nursing home residents in the US.
Key values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
+ VE of a second mRNA COVID-19 vaccine booster dose: 73.9% against severe COVID-19 outcomes (hospitalization or death)
+ Age range: 78 years (mean age of study participants)
+ Comorbidities: 4 Charlson comorbidities per resident
+ Vaccination timing: Second mRNA COVID-19 vaccine booster dose received during March-June 2022, with follow-up through July 25, 2022.

Article 3 of 8
Title: Ottawa's pandemic trends are mostly rising
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 3 days ago
Key values:
Ottawa's number of COVID-19 outbreaks has doubled in two weeks.
28 Ottawa residents have been admitted to a city hospital with COVID-19 (slightly fewer than the last update).
Two patients are in intensive care in Ottawa.
The Belleville area has its most COVID hospitalizations of 2022.
Wastewater levels in Ottawa's wastewater have been rising this month, peaking on Sept. 25.
Test positivity rate in Ottawa is currently at 14 per cent.
42 active COVID outbreaks are in Ottawa (up from 39 as of the last update).

Article 4 of 8
Title: Canada removing all COVID-19 entry restrictions October 1
Publisher: WXXI News
Posted: 4 days ago
Canada is dropping all COVID-19-era border restrictions.
The decision was made due to low hospitalization and death rates, high vaccination rates, and the availability of treatments and rapid tests.
This change does not necessarily mean an immediate decrease in COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, but it may indicate a shift in transmission dynamics.

Article 5 of 8
Title: Hundreds of thousands of COVID-19 antivirals are sitting on shelves across Canada
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 4 days ago
Key values for forecasting:
Availability of Paxlovid: 730,000 treatment courses already shipped and another 770,000 to be distributed by the end of the year
Eligibility criteria: generally available to most seniors and adults with compromised immune systems who test positive for COVID-19
Uptake rate: less than 15% of the treatment courses received from Health Canada have been dispensed in Ontario (no data provided)
Importance of early treatment: Paxlovid needs to be started within the first five days, preferably within the first three days, to have the best effect.

Article 6 of 8
Title: Bivalent COVID-19 boosters are available for all adults in Ottawa today
Publisher: CTV News Ottawa
Posted: 5 days ago
Relevant.
The article mentions that bivalent COVID-19 vaccine boosters are available for anyone 18+ in Ontario, with a recommended interval of 168 days since a previous dose. This information is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.

Article 7 of 8
Title: Pandemic spurred exodus of Ontario family doctors, study indicates
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 5 days ago
385 family doctors left the profession between March and September 2020, which accounted for an estimated 170,000 patients losing access to primary care.
This trend disproportionately affected rural areas where there were already lower numbers of doctors.
The loss of family physicians is expected to lead to higher rates of hospitalization and lower life expectancy among patients without a family doctor.
Patients without a family physician are more likely to go to the emergency room, which increases costs to the healthcare system.

Article 8 of 8
Title: New pediatric Pfizer vaccine, COVID-19 bivalent booster available starting Monday
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 6 days ago
Relevant.
The article is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada because it mentions that getting vaccinated improves immune response to COVID-19 infection and reduces the possibility of severe disease and hospitalization. The Chief Medical Officer of Health also emphasizes this point.