Below are 8 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 8
Title: Diabetes not strongly associated with in-hospital COVID mortality
Publisher: News-Medical.Net
Posted: 1 day ago
The article discusses the limitations of a study that investigated the association between diabetes and mortality among patients hospitalized with COVID-19 in Ontario, Canada, and Copenhagen, Denmark. The main limitations are:
1. Incomplete data: HbA1C values were not available for all participants, which meant that COVID-19 severity could not be assessed for the entire cohort.
2. Lack of information on important health determinants: Data on factors such as race, educational status, income, and comorbidities (e.g., obesity) were lacking.
3. Overestimation of association: The study may have overestimated the association between diabetes and COVID-19-associated in-hospital deaths due to these limitations.
4. Low generalizability: The findings may not be generalizable to other populations, as both countries selected for the study are high-income nations with socialized health systems.
These limitations highlight the importance of considering potential biases and confounding factors when interpreting research results.

Article 2 of 8
Title: B.C. enters third Omicron wave as COVID hospitalizations jump 35% over last week
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 1 day ago
Hospitalizations jumped 35% in British Columbia over the last week (369 people in hospital).
ICU admissions increased by 12.5% from the previous week (36 patients in ICU).
The article does not provide specific data on Ontario, but mentions that Ontario also announced its third wave of Omicron.
The article highlights the importance of vaccination and booster shots in preventing severe outcomes from COVID-19.

Article 3 of 8
Title: The BA.5 subvariant is fuelling another COVID wave
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 1 day ago
The Omicron subvariant BA.5 is driving a new wave of infections in Ontario.
BA.5 has shown an ability to evade previous infection protection and reinfect individuals.
Data from countries where BA.4 and BA.5 have taken hold suggest they are not more severe than previous Omicron subvariants or more likely to lead to hospitalizations.
However, the sheer number of people getting sick, particularly those vulnerable to serious illness, is cause for concern due to overtaxed emergency rooms.
Experts recommend getting a booster shot for protection against more serious illness and keeping vaccination "up to date" in light of evolving virus mutations.

Article 4 of 8
Title: Ontario's 7th wave of COVID-19 is here, top doctor confirms amid exponential growth
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Key values for forecasting:
Test positivity above 10% (first time since May)
Exponential growth in cases (~80% of public health units)
Increase in COVID-19 hospitalizations
Number of people admitted for the virus higher than at any time last summer
Estimated 6 people per day died from the virus as of July 3, up from 3 the week before.

Article 5 of 8
Title: Ontario's COVID-19 test positivity climbs to 13.5% as new details of 7th wave emerge
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
712 people are currently in hospital with COVID-19 (up from 585 last week).
110 patients are in intensive care due to the virus (up from 95 last week).
Test positivity has climbed to 13.5% (highest since May).
Case rates have increased across 25 of Ontario's 34 public health units.
The BA.5 subvariant is highly transmissible, but there is no evidence it is more severe than previous subvariants.
Hospital staff morale is low due to burnout and staffing shortages.

Article 6 of 8
Title: Experts urge 3rd COVID-19 dose amid new wave, with Windsor-Essex low on uptake
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
66% of new circulating strains are now the BA.5 strain, driving an increase in test positivity and hospitalizations.
The province is limiting fourth doses to people over age 60, as well as adults of any age who are Indigenous, living in long-term care or immunocompromised.
Ontario's chief medical officer anticipates a smaller wave from what was seen with the main Omicron variant, but warns that hospitalizations will get worse over the coming week or 10 days before decreasing.

Article 7 of 8
Title: Windsor police suspend vaccine mandate, employees on unpaid leave allowed back
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
Summary: The article mentions COVID-19 hospitalization trends and a seventh wave of COVID-19 in Ontario, Canada. It does not provide specific data on hospitalizations but indicates the ongoing pandemic situation is being considered by authorities when making decisions about policies like vaccine mandates.

Article 8 of 8
Title: Ontario has entered another wave of COVID-19, experts say
Publisher: CTV News Toronto
Posted: 5 days ago
Key values:
Wastewater data is ticking upward throughout June, indicating a potential increase in viral activity.
The seven-day average for new cases detected through PCR testing was up 34% week-over-week.
Hospitalizations are also seeing an increase, with 585 people currently in hospitals testing positive for the virus (up from 486 a week earlier).
The dominant variant is BA.5, which has a faster growth rate and can evade some protective immunity.