Below are 9 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 9
Title: Q and A with the Experts: RSV prevention for vulnerable populations | Waterloo News
Publisher: University of Waterloo
Posted: 1 day ago
RSV hospitalizations in Canada are relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.
RSV is a leading cause of respiratory tract infections and hospitalizations among infants in Canada.
80% of children hospitalized with bronchitis have RSV, while 20% of infants hospitalized with pneumonia have RSV.
Risk factors for severe RSV include premature birth, chronic lung illness, congenital heart failure, neuromuscular impairment, immunodeficiency, and Down syndrome.

Article 2 of 9
Title: Respiratory virus outbreaks surging again in Alberta care homes
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
COVID-19 hospitalizations are increasing in Alberta, Canada.
1,120 Albertans aged 70 and older have been hospitalized due to COVID since the end of August.
The majority of facility-based outbreaks in Alberta this season have been due to COVID-19.
Most COVID patients are elderly.
Hospital admissions for COVID-19 are steady, with between 45 and 60 patients admitted daily.

Article 3 of 9
Title: Rising COVID-19 numbers reported in Ottawa, eastern Ontario
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 3 days ago
The number of Ottawa residents in local hospitals for COVID-19 has risen to 71 (highest since early summer).
There were 54 new patients from the previous week, an increase from moderate to high.
The average coronavirus wastewater level has been rising for about 10 days and recently reached one of the highest levels of the year.
The city's weekly average test positivity rate is about 19 per cent (high).
There are 37 active COVID outbreaks in Ottawa.

Article 4 of 9
Title: Person 20 to 44 years old among N.B.'s latest COVID deaths, child under 4 hospitalized
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 3 days ago
Hospitalization numbers: 52 people hospitalized with COVID-19 in New Brunswick
Age distribution: 9 people 45-64 years old, 42 people 65 or older, and a child under four hospitalized
ICU admissions: 4 people requiring intensive care
Estimated cost of hospitalizations: $1 million per day
Excess mortality forecast: 20% increase in excess deaths per week

Article 5 of 9
Title: COVID-19 Vaccination During Pregnancy Is Safe, Has Multiple Benefits
Publisher: FactCheck.org
Posted: 3 days ago
The article discusses the benefits of maternal COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy, citing studies that show a reduced risk of infection and hospitalization from COVID-19 in babies born to vaccinated mothers. The studies mentioned include:
A study published in JAMA Pediatrics by Jorgensen et al., which found that babies whose mothers had received at least one dose of the original primary vaccine series during pregnancy had a 45% lower risk of infection and 53% lower risk of hospitalization with omicron.
Another study by Goh et al. published in JAMA Network Open, which found that mRNA COVID-19 vaccination before or during pregnancy was associated with reduced risk of infection and hospital admission among infants.
The article also mentions the importance of maternal vaccination in providing antibodies to babies against COVID-19 before they are eligible to receive their own vaccines.
Sources:
CDC website
Respiratory viruses update on CDC website
Male, Victoria. "COVID-19 vaccine safety in pregnancy – table of studies." Google Docs.
McDonald, Jessica. "COVID-19 Vaccination Doesn’t Increase Miscarriage Risk, Contrary to Naomi Wolf’s Spurious Stat." FactCheck.org.
Fleming-Dutra, Katherine E. et al. "Safety and Effectiveness of Maternal COVID-19 Vaccines Among Pregnant People and Infants." Obstetrics and Gynecology Clinics of North America.
Jorgensen, Sarah C. J. et al. "Newborn and Early Infant Outcomes Following Maternal COVID-19 Vaccination During Pregnancy." JAMA Pediatrics.
Kristin Ludwig (@kristensludwig). Instagram post.
McCullough, Peter. "No Discernable Benefit of COVID-19 Vaccination in Pregnancy." Courageous Discourse. Substack.
Jaramillo, Catalina and Lori Robertson. "Q&A on the Updated COVID-19 Vaccines." FactCheck.org.
American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists' Immunization, Infectious Disease, and Public Health Preparedness Expert Work Group. "COVID-19 Vaccination Considerations for Obstetric–Gynecologic Care."
Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine. "COVID-19 Vaccination in Pregnancy."
Male, Victoria. Email with FactCheck.org.
DeSilva, Malini and Vazquez-Benitez, Gabriela. Email with FactCheck.org.
Goh, Orlanda et al. "mRNA SARS-CoV-2 Vaccination Before vs During Pregnancy and Omicron Infection Among Infants." JAMA Network Open.
The article concludes that maternal COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy is associated with reduced risk of infection and hospitalization from COVID-19 in babies, and provides antibodies to babies against COVID-19 before they are eligible to receive their own vaccines.

Article 6 of 9
Title: Ontario announced return of masking requirements in LTC homes
Publisher: Canadian HR Reporter
Posted: 4 days ago
5,459 COVID-19 cases among LTC home residents between Aug 27 and Oct 28, 2023.
181 hospitalizations among these patients.
Increase in community transmission of COVID-19 and outbreaks in LTC homes.

Article 7 of 9
Title: Ontario Long-Term Care: Mask Mandates Return Amid COVID-19 Spike
Publisher: Samfiru Tumarkin LLP
Posted: 4 days ago
COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada are relevant to forecasting.
COVID-19 cases rising in long-term care facilities (LTCFs) in 2023.
Thousands of cases among residents and staff in LTCFs.
Numerous hospitalizations and fatalities reported in LTCFs.
Overall positivity rate for COVID-19 in Ontario is high at 17%.
Gradual increase in virus levels as of early November, according to wastewater surveillance data.

Article 8 of 9
Title: Ontario is bringing back mask mandates in long-term care. Here's what you should know
Publisher: Yahoo Canada Shine On
Posted: 4 days ago
394 COVID-19 outbreaks and 7,157 cases among residents and staff have been reported in long-term care homes since Aug 27.
There were 181 hospitalizations and 106 deaths among residents due to COVID-19 in long-term care homes during the same period.
The Ministry of Long-Term Care has reinstated a masking mandate for all staff, including students, support workers, and volunteers, in response to rising cases and outbreaks.
The article mentions that the virus is projected to possibly peak in the next few weeks, which could lead to an increase in hospitalizations.

Article 9 of 9
Title: Mask mandates return to Ontario long-term care amid spike in COVID-19, respiratory illness cases
Publisher: CP24
Posted: 5 days ago
7,157 COVID-19 cases among residents and staff in long-term care so far in 2023.
High positivity rate for COVID-19 at about 17%.
Wastewater surveillance data shows a slow uptick in the virus as of Nov. 9.
Increased hospitalizations (181) and deaths (106) in long-term care due to COVID-19.
Significant increase in respiratory virus outbreaks over September and October in long-term care.