Below are 6 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 6
Title: How seniors can access 4 key vaccines this fall — for COVID, flu, pneumonia, and RSV
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: Today
Here's a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Updated COVID vaccines are being rolled out in the fall, which may impact hospitalization rates.
The new RSV vaccine is not expected to be co-administered with other shots, and its impact on hospitalization rates is unclear.
Hospitalization rates for COVID-19 have been higher among adults aged 65 and up, accounting for approximately 63% of all COVID-related hospitalizations in the US in 2023.
The case fatality rate of pneumococcal pneumonia is typically up to 7%, with even higher rates among the elderly.

Article 2 of 6
Title: COVID-19 hospitalizations up 58% in B.C., as number of infections, deaths also spike
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 1 day ago
Hospitalizations increased 58% in British Columbia over the past two weeks.
The number of people in hospital with COVID-19 rose from 267 to 422 on Thursday.
Deaths due to COVID-19 are trending upwards (24 fatalities in the last week of September).
Wastewater levels detected in British Columbia are up at every monitored treatment plant, coinciding with the spike in new cases.

Article 3 of 6
Title: Burden of RSV falls mainly on youngest children, study finds, stressing need for better prevention
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 2 days ago
The study found that nearly half of children hospitalized for RSV in Canada were under six months of age.
Hospitalizations increased in the most recent year of the study compared to pre-pandemic times.
A quarter of kids needed ICU care, like mechanical ventilation.
Researchers noted a similar trend in other countries, such as the U.S. and Denmark.
The article highlights the importance of preventative options for RSV, which may have implications for COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Age under six months
Increased hospitalization rates compared to pre-pandemic times
ICU capacity and staffing challenges

Article 4 of 6
Title: B.C. COVID-19 hospitalizations reach their highest level in 2023 so far
Publisher: CTV News Vancouver
Posted: 2 days ago
Relevant.
The article reports on the increasing number of COVID-19 hospitalizations in British Columbia (B.C.), Canada. Key values for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada include:
The total number of people hospitalized with COVID-19: 422
The percentage of government-funded COVID-19 tests coming back positive: 23.1%
The number of new lab-confirmed cases of COVID-19: 877 (in the most recent epidemiological week)
Trends in wastewater surveillance, showing an upward trend in virus concentration and other respiratory viruses like Influenza A, B, and RSV.
These values are relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada as they provide information on the current situation with COVID-19 in a neighboring province.

Article 5 of 6
Title: Hospital admissions for eating disorders rose in female adolescents during pandemic, study says
Publisher: The Globe and Mail
Posted: 4 days ago
The pandemic had a long-lasting impact on eating disorders among adolescents in Ontario.
Hospital admissions for young women with eating disorders rose by nearly 60% in the first year after COVID-19 emerged.
Rates of serious eating disorders among young people (10-17 years old) continued to be higher than pre-pandemic levels until at least August 2022.
The monthly rate of emergency department visits for eating disorders in Ontario increased from 3.33 per 100,000 to 7.38 during the pandemic period (121% increase).
Most patients who made eating-disorder-related visits to hospitals were female.

Article 6 of 6
Title: Where can I get a COVID-19 rapid test? CTV News looks at the rules in each province and territory
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 5 days ago
Number of people testing positive and being hospitalized for COVID-19 is on the rise (from nearly 1,500 to more than 2,700 this past week).
Proportion of patients in intensive care remains around 3% and below previous peaks.
Provincial government announced end of rapid test distribution program for retailers at the end of June.