Below are 5 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 5
Title: Rates of COVID-19, influenza on the rise in Manitoba: Report
Publisher: CTV News Winnipeg
Posted: Today
78 hospital admissions (including 12 ICU) due to COVID-19 in Manitoba.
Average daily COVID-19 tests: 220.
Positivity rate: 28.2%.
Total new COVID-19 cases since July: 2,604.
Hospitalization data is available weekly from the provincial government.

Article 2 of 5
Title: COVID-19, RSV, tick activity, and more: KFL&A MOH shares community health update
Publisher: Kingstonist
Posted: 1 day ago
High and stable COVID-19 activity in the Kingston, Frontenac, Lennox & Addington (KFL&A) region.
Hospitalization rate trending stable or decreasing.
Other respiratory illnesses like RSV and rhinoviruses are on the rise.
COVID-19 vaccine coverage is above provincial average: 48% for those over 65, and 19% for all people over 12.

Article 3 of 5
Title: China tells WHO no 'novel pathogens' detected after pneumonia clusters reported among kids
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
The lifting of public health restrictions in China led to an increase in outpatient visits and hospital admissions due to well-known illnesses such as influenza, adenovirus, RSV, and Mycoplasma pneumoniae.
Similar surges were experienced in other countries, including Canada, where a triple threat of flu, COVID-19, and RSV flooded children's hospitals last year.
The article highlights the importance of ongoing information-sharing and surveillance to detect any unusual or novel pathogens.

Article 4 of 5
Title: RSV infections surge as hospitals brace for return of 'normal' respiratory virus season
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 3 days ago
RSV cases are on the rise in Canada, with 1,220 cases detected since late August and a positivity rate of around 5%. This is above expected levels for this time of year.
Influenza activity is also increasing, although still within typical levels for November.
COVID-19 continues to circulate in Ontario, Canada.

Article 5 of 5
Title: The last flu season was a bad one. What’s in store this year? - National
Publisher: Global News Toronto
Posted: 5 days ago
Influenza activity in Canada is below average and not as severe as previous years.
Adults aged 65+ accounted for 51% of reported flu-related hospitalizations.
The majority of flu cases are attributed to H1N1.
People aged 65+ are particularly vulnerable to influenza A, with a higher risk of hospitalization and severe outcomes.
COVID-19's prior influence on the spread of the virus may have contributed to lower flu numbers this year.