Below are 5 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 5
Title: COVID drug shows promise in new study — but will patients ever get access?
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: Today
A study from McMaster University in Hamilton and the University Health Network (UHN) in Toronto found that a single dose of pegylated interferon lambda reduced the risk of hospitalization by:
50% in vaccinated individuals
90% in unvaccinated individuals
These results are relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada.

Article 2 of 5
Title: Single drug injection wards off COVID-19 hospitalizations, in Stanford Medicine-led trial
Publisher: Stanford Medical Center Report
Posted: 2 days ago
The article reports on a clinical trial of PEG-lambda (lambda-interferon) as a treatment for COVID-19.
930 patients received PEG-lambda and 1,020 received a placebo.
Vaccinated patients treated with PEG-lambda experienced a 51% reduction in hospitalization relative to placebo.
Unvaccinated patients treated within the first three days of symptom onset had an 89% reduction in hospitalization compared to placebo.

Article 3 of 5
Title: COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy helps protect newborns, Canadian study suggests
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 3 days ago
A study found that maternal vaccination protected newborns against COVID-19 infection and hospitalization.
In Ontario, a second dose of mRNA vaccine during pregnancy provided 95% effectiveness against Delta infection and 97% effectiveness against hospital admission due to Delta infection.
A third dose of vaccine during pregnancy provided 73% effectiveness against Omicron infection and 80% effectiveness against hospital admission due to Omicron variant.
Fewer than half of pregnant women in Ontario have had three doses of COVID-19 vaccine.

Article 4 of 5
Title: Interferon Injection Cuts COVID Hospitalization Risk in Vaxxed Population
Publisher: Medpage Today
Posted: 3 days ago
A single dose of pegylated interferon lambda reduced the risk of hospitalization and ED visits lasting more than 6 hours among COVID-19 outpatients.
The treatment effect was consistent across vaccination status (over 80% were vaccinated) and strains (Delta and Omicron waves).
In Ontario, Canada, where the article mentions Toronto General Hospital Research Institute as a study site, this information could be useful for forecasting hospitalizations in a highly vaccinated population.

Article 5 of 5
Title: Masking may not have eased respiratory virus surge in the fall: PHO document
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 5 days ago
Key values:
Respiratory viruses (influenza, RSV, and COVID-19) are circulating in Ontario.
Hospitalization rates among children and youth have surged due to these viruses.
Mask mandates may not be effective in reducing transmission of influenza and RSV.
However, mask mandates are associated with a lower incidence of SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) infection.
Public acceptability of mask mandates is high, with 53% and 69% of respondents supporting re-implemented or some extent of mask mandates.