Below are 4 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 4
Title: COVID cases down even as vaccine uptake wanes, says Hamilton public health
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 2 days ago
Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Reported COVID-19 cases are decreasing in Hamilton.
Hospitalizations and ICU admissions remain stable.
Acute care occupancy has been near or above 100% for all hospitals.
Less than 20% of the population have had a booster dose within 6 months.
The majority of hospitalizations are among older people, who also have high vaccination uptake.

Article 2 of 4
Title: Co-infection with MRSA ‘superbug’ could make COVID-19 outcomes even more deadly
Publisher: News-Medical.Net
Posted: 4 days ago
Key values:
25% of patients co-infected with SARS-CoV-2 and bacteria die as a result.
Hospitalization increases the risk of co-infection.
Patients hospitalized or in intensive care units are at higher risk.

Article 3 of 4
Title: Why Canada avoided a severe winter COVID wave
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 7 days ago
The article discusses the current state of COVID-19 immunity in Canada and globally, highlighting the concept of hybrid immunity, which is a combination of vaccine-induced immunity and natural immunity from previous infections.
Key points:
Hybrid immunity provides sustained protection against severe disease but not as good protection against infection.
Protection against infection wanes more quickly, leading to continued waves of transmission despite high levels of immunity.
The safest way to get immunity is through vaccination, with a much lower risk of severe illness compared to previous variants like Delta or the original strain.
South Africa has seen a significant reduction in hospitalizations and deaths due to COVID-19 since the rollout of vaccines, with the current immunity wall holding well.
Better access to antiviral treatments has helped reduce hospitalizations, especially among elderly Canadians who are less likely to have prior infections.
The immunity landscape is drastically different between younger adults and elderly Canadians, with a larger proportion of younger people having been infected.
Future goals should focus on improving COVID-19 vaccine technology to recreate the protection provided by hybrid immunity in those who haven't yet been vaccinated.
The article also mentions that:
Immunity from severe disease may wane over time, and it's unclear how long immunity will last.
There could be seasonal variation in terms of the severity of COVID infections, similar to the flu.
The scientists tracking new COVID-19 variants are on high alert for potential new strains that could emerge before they're detected and tracked.
Overall, the article suggests that while there is still some uncertainty about the long-term effectiveness of hybrid immunity, it has provided a significant level of protection against severe disease, and continued vigilance and research are necessary to address any future challenges.

Article 4 of 4
Title: Daughter can't understand why dad couldn't get Paxlovid to ease COVID symptoms
Publisher: Times Colonist
Posted: 7 days ago
Paxlovid eligibility criteria differ between B.C. and Ontario (B.C.: 70+ with 3+ serious diseases; Ontario: 60+ or immuno-compromised)
Study results suggest Paxlovid may help high-risk patients avoid hospitalization or death
However, no significant reduction in hospitalization or death was found in lower-risk populations, including those over age 70.