Below are 7 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 7
Title: Early signs suggest fall COVID-19 wave starting in Canada — before updated boosters are available
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 1 day ago
Key values:
Positive test percentage has been increasing over the last month (nearly 9%).
Hospitalizations increased by 11% in a week.
Wastewater signals are rising, with at least 13 of 39 sites showing an increase.
Population immunity is high due to vaccination and prior infections, but may be waning.
A contagious subvariant called EG.5 could fuel a surge.
Timing of fall booster shots is uncertain, which may impact the size of the wave.

Article 2 of 7
Title: New COVID-19 EG.5 sub-variant detected in Sask.
Publisher: CTV News Saskatoon
Posted: 2 days ago
Hospitalizations have decreased from 53 to 27 over two weeks in Saskatchewan.
ICU admissions have decreased from 10 to 7 over two weeks in Saskatchewan.
The new EG.5 variant is spreading globally and has been detected in 21 cases in Saskatchewan.
Vaccination rates are declining, with only 46.4% of the population up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccines.
Booster shots reduce the risk of COVID-19 death by three times compared to unvaccinated individuals.

Article 3 of 7
Title: New COVID-19 subvariant EG.5 confirmed in New Brunswick
Publisher: CBC.ca
Posted: 3 days ago
The EG.5 subvariant of Omicron has been detected in Canada since at least May and has shown increased prevalence.
National per cent positivity increased, while the number of COVID-19 patients in hospital across Canada also increased "slightly" between Aug. 2 and Aug. 8.
WHO increased the status of EG.5 from a variant under monitoring to a variant of interest, meaning it has genetic changes that give it a growth advantage and its prevalence is growing.
The effectiveness of current vaccines against EG.5 is unclear, but bivalent vaccines were found to be 62% effective at preventing hospitalizations among those with a normal immune system.
The risk of severe disease from EG.5 does not appear to be higher than previous Omicron strains, but the subvariant may contribute to a surge in cases and become dominant in some countries or globally.

Article 4 of 7
Title: COVID variant EG.5: What we know about 'eris' – DW – 08
Publisher: DW (English)
Posted: 3 days ago
EG.5 (Eris) is a new COVID variant classified as a Variant of Interest by the WHO.
It has been detected in multiple countries, including Canada.
The variant spreads fast and can "escape" the human immune system's response.
The WHO notes that while vaccination and past infection provide some immunity, there is still a risk of severe cases and hospitalizations due to new variants like EG.5.
Updated COVID vaccines targeting EG.5 are expected to be available in the coming months.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Detection rate of EG.5 in Ontario
Vaccination coverage and immunity levels in Ontario
Past infection rates and immunity levels in Ontario
Hospitalization and severe case data related to EG.5 in Ontario

Article 5 of 7
Title: More people than expected are dying in Canada in 2023 for reasons that are not yet clear
Publisher: The Globe and Mail
Posted: 4 days ago
Hospitalizations are higher than during the first two pandemic summers but hovering around their lowest point since December 2021.
Excess mortality (15-20% higher than predicted) indicates a need to investigate underlying causes of deaths.
The article highlights the importance of improving death-reporting systems in Canada, which is relevant for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations.

Article 6 of 7
Title: COVID-19 activity in Canada showing early signs that it may be increasing: data
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 4 days ago
Relevant.
COVID-19 cases may be rising in Canada after a period of decline (PHAC).
XBB subvariants account for 99% of genetically sequenced cases, and EG.5 is expected to dominate soon.
EG.5 has more immunity-evading properties than other variants, making it potentially more contagious.
Vaccination this fall will likely preserve the lives and health of older adults.
Updated vaccines targeting XBB subvariant family are expected to have good efficacy in preventing severe infection and reducing symptomatic disease risk.

Article 7 of 7
Title: COVID: Study shows impact of hybrid immunity in Canada
Publisher: CTV News
Posted: 5 days ago
High immunity levels among the population (76% had some COVID infection), but Omicron variants and subvariants can still cause infections.
About 1 in 4 Canadians never had COVID.
Vaccinations are recommended to protect against future COVID-19 cases.