Below are 7 news articles from the past week to help guide you in making your decision.

Article 1 of 7
Title: COVID cases surging again in Florida. Here's what you need to know about new variant, Eris
Publisher: Tallahassee Democrat
Posted: 2 days ago
The new variant Eris (EG.5) has been spreading quickly in the US and globally.
Experts say the current surge is more likely due to summertime travel and relaxed precautions rather than a new variant.
Hospital admissions have risen 12.5% in the US during the week of July 23, but overall admission levels are still considered low.
The article does not provide specific data on hospitalizations or COVID-19 cases in Ontario, Canada.
Values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
Time series data on hospital admissions and COVID-19 cases in Ontario
Information on vaccination rates and booster shots in Ontario
Data on travel patterns and mobility within Ontario during the summer months

Article 2 of 7
Title: What to know about the new COVID-19 variant EG.5
Publisher: The Globe and Mail
Posted: 3 days ago
EG.5 variant has been detected in Ontario, Canada, with 12.7% of samples sequenced between July 9-15 being positive.
The proportion of EG.5 is increasing, expected to reach 30.5% by August 5.
There are no reported changes in disease severity to date despite the increased prevalence of EG.5.
The risk profile of EG.5 is similar to prior Omicron subvariants, with no data suggesting it causes more severe disease.
The fall boosters are monovalent COVID-19 vaccines, meaning they target Omicron variants and would be effective against EG.5.
Canada's collective immunity will be changing, meaning decreasing, which may lead to a bump in COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations in the fall.

Article 3 of 7
Title: What to know about EG.5, the latest Omicron subvariant in Canada
Publisher: CBC News
Posted: 3 days ago
Key values:
Testing positivity has increased from about 5% to nearly 7% within one month in Ontario.
EG.5 subvariant is becoming more frequent every day (8% increase per day).
The subvariant may cause a rise in case incidence and become dominant in some countries or globally due to its growth advantage and immune escape characteristics.
Experts anticipate a possible rise in cases, but not necessarily a huge fall wave.
Boosters targeting Omicron family of sub-lineages (including EG.5) are expected to be available this fall and should provide protection against hospitalization, death, and long COVID.

Article 4 of 7
Title: WHO designates ‘Eris’ and related COVID strains as variants of interest as infections and hospitalizations tick upward
Publisher: Fortune
Posted: 3 days ago
EG.5 variant is on the rise globally, including in Canada (mentioned as one of the countries reporting at least 100 cases).
Experts are concerned about the potential impact of EG.5 on case incidence and hospitalizations.
Ryan Gregory, a biology professor at the University of Guelph in Ontario, suggests that COVID-19 cases may return to a high baseline but not cause a huge wave.
The article mentions wastewater levels rising in the US, which could be an indicator for Ontario as well.

Article 5 of 7
Title: The new COVID-19 variant EG.5 is in Ontario. Here's what that means for you
Publisher: CTV News Toronto
Posted: 4 days ago
Here is a brief summary highlighting values most important for forecasting COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario, Canada:
EG.5 variant has been detected in Ontario with a weekly growth rate of 1.90% (July 2-8).
Cases of EG.5 are expected to represent 35% of all infections by August 2.
Wastewater data shows an uptick in viral activity over the last month, suggesting a potential rise in cases towards the end of summer.
The emergence of another COVID-19 variant is not unexpected three-and-a-half years into the pandemic.

Article 6 of 7
Title: Study: Delirium incidence rose among geriatric patients during pandemic
Publisher: University of Minnesota Twin Cities
Posted: 4 days ago
The study analyzed 1,047,680 older adult hospital admissions in Ontario, Canada from January 2017 to March 2022.
Delirium rates increased during the pandemic (41.5 per 1,000 admitted population vs 35.9 pre-pandemic).
Hospitalization length and discharge prescriptions for antipsychotics and benzodiazepines also increased during the pandemic.
The study's findings suggest that COVID-19 hospitalizations in Ontario may be associated with increased delirium rates and related medication prescriptions.

Article 7 of 7
Title: What to know about COVID Eris: Variant spreading in the UK and US this summer
Publisher: USA TODAY
Posted: 5 days ago
Eris (EG.5.1) is a new COVID-19 variant linked to a spike in hospitalizations overseas.
It has become prevalent in the U.K. and U.S., with 14.55% of cases in the U.K. and 17.3% of cases in the U.S.
The variant has been associated with an increase in COVID hospitalizations, including:
+ A 12.1% increase in hospital admissions in the U.S. (week ending July 22)
+ A 40.7% increase in hospitalizations in England (week ending July 29)